Mike: Alright, let me,
Mike: Share. Audio…
Mike: So… when we… Left our intrepid heroes.
Mike: They were… you were, hiding in Khalid and… Nera… Nura's house.
Mike: family of Klima.
Mike: a small… Sort of one and a half room… Hot in this.
Mike: Odd village set on the side of the chasm in a mysterious land where the sun never seems to set, or at least only sets rarely.
Mike: ruled by… Lord…
Mike: Oh, I gotta find… I have my wrong notes. Ruled by this… this lord, lord Foraquin… Foraquarin, the Frostbinder, also called Malk… Malkin.
Mike: and, you had just…
Mike: discovered not very much about the people here. The cowed and Nura were not that talkative. Kalima was withdrawn and shaken from her experience. The… but you did,
Mike: through Finnan's clairvoyance, C…
Audio shared by Mike: For Aquarian.
Mike: Send a group of… A bunch of,
Mike: A group of a bunch of, soldiers, from his ice palace.
Mike: Across a bridge that extended from this giant… a bridge of ice that extended from this floating rock to the side of the cliff.
Mike: And they started marching. Then the clairvoyance ended, and it was also fixed, so what they were doing is unclear.
Mike: And, of course, the, the cat,
Mike: Echo, as the cat, discovered a… A pond full of fish.
Mike: And explore it a little closer to these 5 cracks in the wall.
Mike: one… flashing… sort of, ice, and when flashing, storms, and,
Mike: One flashing this, like, just odd colors, purple and… and… And…
Mike: one flashing, like, one showing, like, like, sharp… shards of metal and odd forms.
Mike: and one, and one showing what looks like a reflection of the… of the chasm itself, of this place, but without the ice palace, right? Just looking out into, sort of, more openness.
Mike: and so you decided?
Mike: Of the advice of a spouse to go to sleep.
Mike: And as we begin, you're huddled
Mike: together, I guess, or apart? I don't know, you're huddled in the corner, basically, in the half a room of this one and a half bedroom, you know, one and a half room hut, sort of a little bit away from… from…
Mike: The family, who are also settling in to go to sleep, because… well, it's not nighttime, but it's… it's the end of the day.
Mike: and… You go to sleep.
Mike: Are you keeping a watch or anything like that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we…
Tim Sackton: I assume so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's rotate through.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: So, like, by keeping a watch, somebody's just, like, sitting up in the room, basically?
Mike: Sorry, we…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, can we peek out through cracks in the wall or something?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I almost hurled upon us.
Mike: I feel like my…
Mike: I think Charlie might be stealing my Spotify. It keeps changing away from my D&D music. You guys hear the music?
Tim Sackton: Not really, it's very quiet.
Mike: right now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: to change this to Conan Gray, it's not me.
Mike: I really need to get Spotify Premium or something so we can have separate accounts.
Tim Sackton: Apple Music for D&D.
Mike: I should, I just don't have a playlist, like, I actually had a playlist in Spotify.
Tim Sackton: Right, right, right.
Mike: So… Who is going to be the… Third person on watch.
Mike: Just decide, tell me. Or I'll roll randomly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The one of us with the best perception, I'm pretty sure.
Mike: I think Drain is the third one. Drain is the third one, okay.
Kate Sackton: I was gonna volunteer anyway, I always volunteer for crap.
Mike: So,
Mike: You're sitting, watching.
Mike: Actually, yeah, make a perception check.
Kate Sackton: Yay.
Kate Sackton: Just… 22.
Audio shared by Mike: 22.
Mike: You hear a…
Audio shared by Mike: Like, you hear, you hear, sort of, or you notice somebody just, like.
Mike: pulling, like, look like there… it seems like somebody's about to, like, has pulled the door open just, like, a tiny, tiny crack. Like, you can't see…
Mike: Out through the door, obviously, but it's like somebody is… has pulled the door open, and is…
Mike: Is maybe peering, like… the door swings open a tiny crack, basically.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Well, I'm not the kind of person who has any… illusion cantrips or anything, so…
Kate Sackton: How far am I from the door?
Mike: that… You got… so, the… the main house is, like…
Kate Sackton: You're asleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Who's asleep? Our mom watched.
Mike: You are, you are asleep. You are asleep. YOLO is not allowed to perform YOLO feats at this given moment, because you are asleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: But wait, there was that one thing, Mike.
Mike: Fig.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, in the stuff I made up about YOLO? Yeah. That happens when he's asleep?
Mike: Oh, that's true. What happens… I forget what you said, though. What happens when he's asleep? He sleepwalks. He sleep-fights, he does something when he's asleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's not even necessarily fully aware of whatever it is. He, denies it.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: happen.
Mike: We'll see what happens.
Mike: before YOLO could wake up, so the house is… I mean, it's… it's a hut, right? It's like, I don't know, 12 feet from end to end, and it's like an L shape, and you're in the… you're in the… so, like.
Mike: you're in the L, so the sort of bit in the door is… you know, if an L… if the… you're in the short part of the L, and the door is in the lower part of the long part of the L, so you're maybe…
Mike: So, you're, like, sitting watching, and you can see down to the long part of the aisle and see the door, but you're maybe 10 feet away from it.
Mike: And if you went around the corner, you wouldn't… nobody would be able to see… you can't actually see the door very well, because of the angle of the…
Kate Sackton: But everyone who I would want to not be seen is in a part of the room where they can be seen by the angle of the door opening.
Kate Sackton: We didn't wisely choose a corner that wasn't visible from the door.
Mike: No, I assume you did choose a corner that wasn't visible from the door, that's what I'm trying to say. But you are presumably keeping watch somewhere where you can see the door. It would be silly to keep watch hidden in the corner, where you couldn't see anything.
Kate Sackton: So they're not visible, but I am.
Mike: Cat.
Kate Sackton: Probably.
Kate Sackton: Except that I can see that the door is cracking.
Kate Sackton: I could try to, like, dash around the corner, and they might just think I'm one of the.
Mike: Hi, yeah.
Kate Sackton: gross.
Mike: Yeah?
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: I hide, but listen to hear whether the door opens more.
Mike: Okay. Make a stealth check.
Kate Sackton: 14.
Mike: 14.
Mike: Okay. You hear a…
Mike: you can't really… you can't make out words, but you hear a whisper. Like, you hear just the faintest noise, like some sort of whisper. You both don't really understand the language, and it's…
Kate Sackton: Too quiet to make out. Now that you've gone around the corner or hiding, it's too quiet to make out.
Mike: And you hear another, like, footfall or two. Like, almost sounds like somebody's standing up.
Mike: Like, standing up from, like, you hear, like, a thump sound, like… like somebody standing up from…
Mike: From lying down or something like that.
Mike: And you hear another, like, whispery noise?
Mike: yell if you're gonna do anything, I'm just gonna keep telling you what happens, but stop me if you want to do something.
Kate Sackton: I poke one of the people who speaks the language.
Kate Sackton: Quietly shake them awake.
Mike: Okay, Finney and Injustice are both of them.
Mike: Yeah, whoever's closer to me. Alright. Justice, you're wakened up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: There's nobody here.
Mike: You hear…
Mike: you hear the door close more wag… like, you didn't hear it open, but you hear it shut. Like, you hear a noise of a door, like, shutting.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So I peek around the corner.
Mike: Kaleem is gone.
Kate Sackton: Oh, boy.
Kate Sackton: So, I rushed to the door and, like.
Kate Sackton: open it to see if I can see which way she's disappearing in some direction.
Kate Sackton: And Finian probably notices that I'm, like, dashing to the door.
Mike: Justice, yeah? Justice is awake, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Finian, not Finnean. Everybody keeps saying Finian, that's not my name.
Kate Sackton: And then…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice starts.
Kate Sackton: Yay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Waking everybody else up, quietly.
Mike: So you rush over to the door, you see as you're rushing to the door, you do notice the,
Mike: the… Baby.
Mike: Is wide awake and staring at you?
Mike: But the parents are asleep.
Mike: As you…
Mike: But, if you're not careful, you probably… it would be easy to wake them up by accident if you… but as you swing the door open, you can see…
Mike: You can see, there are… you see, I mean, it's…
Mike: It's the same whiteout, so it's not… you see… Kalima is, like, maybe…
Mike: 15, 20 feet, sort of, off to the left, like, heading…
Mike: Towards the cliff, and there's a person, like, with her, walking next to her.
Mike: You can also see… There are some soldiers.
Mike: Like, you see some of those peop- some of the people.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, you notice a group of two people.
Mike: Who… had been…
Mike: you know, Finn and saw, like, these… this group of, like, 8 or 10 people march over, and you see, like, a pair.
Mike: Going into a house, like, 4 houses down.
Mike: I mean, that's, like, at a first glance.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: It looks like Kleem is trying to be… Klima and this person are trying to be stealthy.
Mike: But I mean, they're not that well hidden from…
Mike: The door, but they seem to be moving quickly and quietly in a specific direction.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So I tell the party.
Mike: So you retreat back to the corner and say what you saw.
Kate Sackton: Retreat back to the corner and wake the rest of the people up and say.
Kate Sackton: Kalima left, and I think she maybe spoke to the baby, or someone spoke to her. I heard some voices, but I couldn't understand what was happening.
Kate Sackton: And so, there was a hushed conversation in a language I did not understand, and then she's gone, walking with someone.
Kate Sackton: So… but they seemed to not be trying to be not noticed by the majority of the village, so maybe she wasn't hauled away by the authorities.
David S. Kong: Did you see who it was?
Mike: You just saw the back of a person. It's not anybody you recognize.
Kate Sackton: you know, I couldn't identify who she's with. I don't know if she needs rescuing, or if she's trying to protect herself, or us, or…
Kate Sackton: I don't know what's going on.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot Finan will say that we don't know about what's going on in this village, and…
Tim Sackton: I don't think… We're gonna accomplish much just chasing after… Kalima.
Tim Sackton: She wasn't abducted.
Tim Sackton: You think we should get some sleep?
Kate Sackton: Well, we might not be allowed to sleep either, because there seem to be parties going house to house.
Kate Sackton: So… we… Either need to sneak out to be…
Kate Sackton: not found, or make ourselves very apparent to create a distraction so Kalima can escape, or…
Audio shared by Mike: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Just wait to be found. Try to sleep.
Mike: Did you… you didn't, yeah, you guys haven't… okay, never mind.
Mike: the… Have you… you haven't… you're, like, all hiding in the corner, you haven't woken up the parents.
Kate Sackton: We haven't woken up the parents until we decide what we're doing, but we should decide that fast.
Mike: I wasn't funny, but she laughed so hard, she almost cried.
Kate Sackton: And… Vaguely, shockingly aware baby who's possibly not that babyish.
Kate Sackton: I don't know, do any of us have, like, Telepathic communication with baby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or… Fitting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Talk, talk to the baby.
Kate Sackton: Oh, you did? Okay.
Tim Sackton: No, I haven't, but I can. I'm just saying…
Tim Sackton: Is the middle of the night the time for this conversation? I mean…
Tim Sackton: What are we hoping to accomplish by waking up the parents and…
Kate Sackton: If they're about to be… Disciplined by their community for housing hidden strangers, maybe they'd appreciate some warning.
Kate Sackton: And maybe they'd want to get rid of us if they have any ways to help us.
Kate Sackton: Escape, so that that… they don't face that consequence.
Kate Sackton: That's why I would wake them.
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll look over at… at Justice and… Just kind of…
Tim Sackton: Finan's a little concerned whether justice is magic, whether the gods are unable to see the future here, or are lying to us.
Tim Sackton: like…
Tim Sackton: You did ask the Gestavo before we slept if that was a wise course of action, and they said yes, right?
Mike: I mean, nothing bad has happened yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, I suppose I could ask again.
Kate Sackton: Appreciate your face.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just, they wouldn't have said that if it wasn't the case.
Kate Sackton: Well, I'm on watch, and it was my duty to be not reassured.
Kate Sackton: Bye.
Kate Sackton: Promises, but if we want to
Kate Sackton: take that into account in our response. I can see how that's logical.
Kate Sackton: Not leap to conclusions of… unsafety.
Kate Sackton: Maybe it's safe because if we just stay here in this corner hidden, they'll crack the door and see the family members asleep and go on their way.
Kate Sackton: Maybe that's how safety plays out.
Kate Sackton: Let's hide in the corner and pretend to be asleep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I assume we did not actually get a long rest out of the night so far?
Mike: I mean… Yeah, so if you, like, you're on watch. No, you haven't gotten a long rest yet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm…
Mike: you would have gotten a short rest. If you still have slots, you could use them and you'd get them back.
Mike: Although, actually, I think technically the D&D rules are if you fight in the middle of the night. I don't… anyway, it's fine if you want to use this…
Mike: You don't feel any sense that the,
Mike: that the custody… I mean, you feel…
Mike: that the Gustavo mat… I mean, there's a bit of a, like, mat… like, it feels distant, but it doesn't feel corrupted or anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice will say…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just as, like, a… an old man, like, just well into his 50s, he's been in some fights today, he's tired. Yeah, he needs to go back to sleep.
Tim Sackton: This is what Finn is thinking, too. Finn is just gonna roll over and go back to sleep.
Mike: Okay?
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, like, Justin's gonna lie back down. This time, when he goes to sleep, though, he's… he's gonna, like, keep his arm in the shield and the battle axe in the other hand. Like, he's ready to wake up fighting, but, like, this dude needs to go to bed.
Kate Sackton: Well, I was the third watch. Was one of you the first or second watch, which is why you're so tired and cranky?
Mike: Yeah, possibly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): probably… Just as probably the last watch.
Mike: YOLO was probably the first watch. Finn was the second watch. You're the third watch.
Mike: echoes the fourth watch, and then Justice.
Kate Sackton: Alright, well, I'll wake up, Echo, when my watch is over, then.
Kate Sackton: That's… Well, the rest of the night passes uneventfully.
Mike: You can now all click the long rest button.
Mike: You wake up feeling… somewhat refreshed.
Audio shared by Mike: the.
Mike: Dab.
Mike: family, I mean, Nura and Khaled kind of…
Mike: are when, as you're waking up, sort of whispering each other, they seem…
Mike: Like, kind of giving each other glances, like, looking at you, looking at your weapons.
Mike: seem kind of… There's a lot of… there's a lot of significant glances passing between them.
Mike: they sort of, but, kind of… offer.
Mike: Would you like some food?
Mike: Will you be on your way?
Mike: Where are you going?
Tim Sackton: Brendan's just gonna start laughing when they say that.
Tim Sackton: just, like… Belly laugh, like, where is there to go in this place?
Mike: Someone else's house?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice will… I'll turn to Finney and say…
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'm not doing… the point is, it's in a friendly way.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: mocking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: Okay, okay, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Finan, ask… ask the baby who came in the middle of the night. Maybe we can get a description, try and figure out who that person was.
Tim Sackton: I will ask the baby telepathically.
Tim Sackton: What did you see?
Tim Sackton: this night.
Mike: The baby… This way.
Mike: the… The baby says,
Mike: The baby actually, when you say that, Telepathically, you… you…
Mike: Hear a… not very childlike voice.
Mike: respond.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fast.
Mike: Out loud.
Mike: Zahara.
Mike: came… For her.
Mike: They…
Mike: They are my… and then the baby stops for a minute, like, it's kind of weird, but they are…
Mike: Wow.
Mike: They weren't.
Mike: And then stops again, like, not quite sure how to finish this.
Mike: Koema will be safe.
Mike: And the parents are looking quite disturbed, like, you know, obviously having a baby talking.
Mike: the baby's not old enough to talk. It's disturbing the parents a little bit, but they don't look surprised. They look more… nervous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's happening here? I'll ask them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've never heard a baby speak like that.
Mike: So, there are sort of…
Mike: Pallad sort of takes the… takes the baby away, the father kind of takes the baby away, and… and…
Mike: Nora says this…
Audio shared by Mike: This happens sometimes.
Mike: To children here.
Mike: They… They're born with… A curse, or some… Affliction from this place.
Mike: She's sort of… he… she's sort of looking very down, very downbeat, right? Like… It usually… means they…
Mike: Do not survive.
Mike: Sweet.
Mike: It's a… We think it's… some say…
Mike: Some of the elders say it's…
Mike: When a soul that was sacrificed distracted them.
Mike: Others say it's a curse from Malquin.
Mike: Either way, it… Is somebody born… Wrong.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Tim Sackton: While Justice is talking to, the woman, I will also… Finnen will also telepathically
Tim Sackton: Reach out to the baby again and say.
Tim Sackton: But… and ask, what's the last thing
Tim Sackton: you remember from your past life. And just think… and I'll say, I'll give explicit instructions, don't speak out loud, just…
Tim Sackton: think it in your mind, and imagine me hearing it, and I will. There's no need to scare your parents.
Audio shared by Mike: I'm sure they loved you.
Mike: You get an image of a…
Mike: person, sort of androgynous, like, non-binary.
Mike: standing looking… over the… Chasm with a… the perspective is, like, from somebody falling?
Mike: like, you asked for the last thing they remember from their old… yeah, their perspective is from somebody falling, right? Looking up towards the edge of the chasm where the village is. And there's, like, this person, looking down at them with tears coming down their face and muttering something and, like.
Audio shared by Mike: Tears, but also, like, .
Mike: sent, like, a look of determination. And you get the idea, this person who's falling, who's falling towards the labyrinth.
Mike: Is saying… Zahara, my child.
Mike: Referring to the person standing.
Tim Sackton: What was your name?
Mike: Taquin?
Tim Sackton: And you don't remember anything that happened after you fell.
Mike: No.
Tim Sackton: Okay, fit in, we'll stop and think for a moment.
Tim Sackton: And I wanna try and…
Tim Sackton: formulate… I want to try and… I don't know if… I mean, Finnan is not sure if this is true, but is gonna try and spin a story of… this is not…
Tim Sackton: This is not a curse, this is a blessing. You've given… Somebody a new life.
Tim Sackton: And you don't have to be scared.
Tim Sackton: We just need to figure out what's going on.
Tim Sackton: Like, there's a mis… basically trying to explain to the parents that there's a deeper mystery. This isn't just some random curse that…
Audio shared by Mike: has…
Tim Sackton: befallen your family.
Mike: the…
Tim Sackton: I'll ask… I'll ask them what the… what they named their baby.
Mike: some year.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: the… the… the… The mother is like, well…
Mike: You say this is something we have to figure out. The elders tell us.
Mike: sama and… And… Aram, the… the… the elders.
Mike: They tell us this happens when… This has been happening since… since…
Mike: We were punished, and came here.
Mike: In the dawn of… our memory.
Mike: we… we… Some… some people are born with the wrong soul.
Mike: One that still remembers, they say.
Mike: And they go… they go bad, and cannot… cannot live.
Mike: We've seen it.
Mike: She… she looks…
Audio shared by Mike: quite…
Mike: down. You say we can solve this, but… It has happened before.
Mike: Those born with… with souls that still remember?
Mike: Cannot grow into their own person.
Mike: the… the two… the… The soul that is stuck in them is…
Mike: And she just sort of closes her eyes and, like… looks quite… Samir is gone.
Mike: And played a sort of pat her on the shoulder, like… We can target you out.
Mike: Stay strong, like…
Mike: Do you… do you… She sort of looks up.
Mike: can… Can the world change?
Mike: I… I think not. It never has before.
Tim Sackton: I'll… Finan will look over it at Justice, and… The two can goo.
Tim Sackton: And then, like, downed himself, and it drained, and… Just say, it has already.
Mike: I mean… They don't quite know what to make of you guys, that's certainly true.
Mike: I, I think if, you know, There's a certain acknowledgement
Mike: In her… in her shrug and sort of voice, like…
Mike: yes, maybe… maybe you will bring change. We have never seen somebody like you before.
Tim Sackton: So maybe it's time to stop listening to your elders.
Tim Sackton: But… We don't know anything about this place.
Tim Sackton: So… We need information if we're to bring any sort of change.
Tim Sackton: All I do know is that this village was not always here.
Tim Sackton: There is an ancient story.
Tim Sackton: From many, many years ago.
Tim Sackton: Long ago, even in the memory of my people.
Tim Sackton: Of a waterfall, where… a Gestavo named… Melusa was worshipped.
Mike: She says, well… If you want to know more, There's basically…
Mike: The people she thinks know stuff is either…
Mike: She says, well, there's… there's… there's…
Mike: Zahara and their band of troublemakers, always talking about change.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That would make her sound like good people for us to talk to.
David S. Kong: I mean, this… Zahara is… is… is the… the babies.
Mike: kid, right? The baby soul's kid.
Mike: Who is the one who took Kalima.
Mike: Or, you could talk to the elders.
Tim Sackton: I'm not interested in the elders.
Mike: Or… or, of course, There's always… she sort of looks… points across the… you know, not…
Mike: there's only these tiny little windows, basically no windows, so you can't see out, but she points in the direction of the ice palace.
Mike: Malkin knows… Much.
Mike: Malkin being their name for the… this…
Mike: they never use the name… the… the… the fey name for… for Quan Yin. They always called… you've always ever… you've only heard this person, this… this… the Frostbinder referred to as Malquin by the people here.
Mike: Adam.
Mike: Heat.
Mike: You could, you know?
Mike: There are points to the palace, but there's always information, I'm sure there's information there.
Mike: But she can tell you where, like, Zipher, not Saifa, sorry, zahara.
Mike: there's, like, tends to stay on the edge of the village, and, like, but there's… there's a few, like, she could direct you to, sort of, one of the houses, like, the house where Zahara lives, and, like, where they're, sort of,
Mike: crowd sort of tends to hang out in the evenings and stuff like that, and you could
Mike: 5… I mean, they're probably… this village is only 300, 400 people, right? It's not like… or…
Mike: She could also send you… tell you where the… where you could find the elders.
Mike: There don't seem to still be soldiers running around, they seem to have finished their search.
Tim Sackton: I think we should go talk to the troublemakers… Agreed. Before we do anything else, but first, I'm going to, since my ring regained all its charges, I rolled…
Tim Sackton: I'm going to use all 5 charges again to learn 3 true facts about a place I have slept.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Meh…
Mike: Okay, 32 facts about a place you have slept.
Mike: the…
Mike: See, okay, so would you have prepared, like, a whole bunch of true facts for every single place, or would you have just made them up on the spot? I didn't think to prepare a bunch of true facts, like, every place.
Tim Sackton: So, since you gave me an item that specifically said.
Mike: I know, I know.
Tim Sackton: I slept, and I slept here, I would have prepared.
Mike: Yeah, I'm realizing I should have prepared… I mean, I know plenty of true facts about the place, I just haven't figured out the right ones to tell you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For what it's worth, Mike, I absolutely would not have prepared 3 true facts about anything.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: The… The… This place is… Separated in time.
Mike: That… from Talgar. And time passes slowly here. Meaning, it's passing… one year here is…
Mike: Much less than one year on Telgar. Or somewhat what… is less than one year on Telgar.
Tim Sackton: So time passes.
Mike: Faster.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Yeah, faster here, yes.
Mike: Sorry, yes, I said that backwards. Time passes faster here.
Mike: the…
Mike: the… this place…
Mike: The boundaries of this place are… What you can see.
Mike: There's nothing past the mists.
Mike: Or beneath the mists.
Mike: And the…
Mike: the… the… the sky… that, lord… Lord Farraquin.
Mike: the… the frostbinder… frost… frostbinder controls the… Controls the sky.
Tim Sackton: By the way, Justice, what did you do with the…
Tim Sackton: head of the beast that you cut off. What happened to that? Is it still in your backpack?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, just as part of the backpack.
Tim Sackton: It's still there. It hasn't vanished mysteriously in the night.
Mike: Don't.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably have another day or two before it starts to stink too bad.
Tim Sackton: Put some ice in there.
Tim Sackton: So we're trapped in some sort of fae demiplane.
Tim Sackton: Let's go talk to the troublemakers.
Tim Sackton: But Finn will say, like, he's half-tempted to just go talk to… Faye.
Tim Sackton: If the troublemakers don't have anything useful to say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Finan, you're saying Faye, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you mean Faye? Faye? You don't mean… you don't think this is actually one of the Gustavo?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trapping them here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, it's not the wind, it's.
Tim Sackton: deal, because, well, I saw a bunch of Sylvan writing in a giant… Circular table in the palace.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right, right.
Tim Sackton: And… does anything about this feel Gustavan to you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Actually, Justice takes a deep… Pause.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, like, a slow breath, and tries to see the whole place with fresh ice again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there any of, like… like, I think of, like, the hallmarks of Gustavo being, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Things… people would be, like, wearing symbols, or, like, wearing, you know, little handmade bits, or some token of the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of the wind, or orienting their houses along, like, similar axes that somehow
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, are meaningful to that. Yep.
Mike: It doesn't, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the connections, those weird doorways, that's not a Gustavo, sir, I've never run into something like that.
Mike: The cracks in the, the cracks in the cliff face
Mike: are very odd, but do not seem Gustavo at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wonder if it's… someone pretending, then? Imitating it?
Tim Sackton: Just… I mean, you know better than I, Justice, but… All those stories about… about… Cypher…
Tim Sackton: And Saifa's children are… are… they're still Gustavan, right? They're still the same rituals and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You know, except now the prayers are to word them off, and…
Tim Sackton: Nobody here has talked like that.
Tim Sackton: They talk like… this… The Ice Palace is… it's a… it sounds like a fae lore, not a…
Tim Sackton: Not any evil god.
Mike: it…
Tim Sackton: Or even a trickster god.
Mike: it looks… I mean, literally, the palace itself looks elaborate in a way that Gustavo are just much more fundamentally simple.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yay.
Mike: Like, it has spires and towers and… crenellations and… like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It… Right, where, like, if it really was
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, I hope I'm not confusing my gods here, but, like, if it was really the Palace of the Wind coming down from the glacier, it would have been, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): subtle, wind-carved patterns in ice, or, like, the way the swirls of snow move through the space, yeah.
Mike: The Gustavo always… the Gestavo are fundamentally about places.
Mike: that's the most… they're spirits of place, right? And they tend to take on the characteristics of a place.
Mike: So, like, a Gestavo of a waterfall wouldn't build a… the Gestavo of the West Wind, like, the… would probably be…
Mike: wind-like. I mean, the swirling sort of thing down below has more of a vibe of, like, the thing that hides the labyrinth. Definitely has more of a West Wind vibe, but the ice palace really doesn't, right? Like…
Mike: it's not…
Mike: None of the Gestavo, like, been to, like, hundreds of Gestavo shrines, right? They're simple. They fit into the natural environment. They celebrate the place that the Gestavo is sacred to. They're not…
Mike: Constantatious like this.
Mike: I mean, it definitely feels to Finan more like stories you'd hear of a fae palace, or a…
Audio shared by Mike: It's just…
Mike: a wizard's tower. I mean, it doesn't really look like a wizard's tower, but, like, a wizard's tower or something. Like, it's just… it's showy in a way that the Gustava usually wouldn't be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Let's… Let's go speak to these troublemakers and see what they have to say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe they can draw off the guards while we head to the palace afterwards.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if there is a Feylord in that palace, we have absolutely no hope of defeating them by…
Tim Sackton: Any means whatsoever, or only Logical course of action would be to negotiate.
Tim Sackton: Maybe they're also bored of what's been happening for the past Thousand years here.
Mike: Although it could have been less than a thousand years, by the way, you don't know what the timescale dilation is.
Mike: It was… If it was really the downfall, it would have been, what, 1700 years, and… Talgar, either.
Tim Sackton: You just told me that the one true fact was that time runs faster here than in Tagar.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, it has to…
Tim Sackton: So if it's been… if it's been over a thousand years in Telgar, it's gotta be over a thousand years here.
Mike: Wait.
Mike: I'm just… now I'm getting faster and.
Tim Sackton: If time runs faster here, then for every one year in Tagar, two years pass, say.
Tim Sackton: So, 1,000 years ago would be 2,000 years ago.
Tim Sackton: A thousand years ago on the outside would be 2,000 years on the inside.
Mike: No, no, no, I mean the opposite. Times aren't faster in Telgar.
Mike: Time runs slower here. Time runs slower here. I said it right the first time.
Tim Sackton: When will I have been…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, like, when was Olds and Coven in common use?
Mike: Like, 1500 years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, there's a date right there.
Mike: Yay.
Mike: But, no, no, no, but I'm saying 1500 years ago in Talgar, but it hasn't necessarily been 1500 years here.
Audio shared by Mike: Subjectively.
Mike: Because time runs slower.
Mike: here than in Talgar. So one year in Talgar is less than one year here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
David S. Kong: Guys, what everything's going on?
Tim Sackton: We're trapped in a… some kind of…
David S. Kong: temporal wealth.
Tim Sackton: a mockery of, Gustavan.
David S. Kong: God.
David S. Kong: That is inside the chasm.
Tim Sackton: I don't think we're inside the chasm anymore.
Mike: Well, it sure looks like being inside the chasm.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but it's not inside the chasm.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it is. I'm dubious.
Mike: Isn't it a fact about Talgarian planes that many of them mirror Talgar, in a way?
Tim Sackton: We might be inside.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there's many possibilities here.
Mike: What makes you think that there isn't a chasm in some other.
Tim Sackton: in the Feywilds.
Mike: Wow, you're not necessarily… you know you're not in the Feywild, because it gets dark.
Mike: I… I took some… I took something from your cosmology documents to make this up, so…
Tim Sackton: No, I'm not doubting you.
Mike: Anyway, you're heading to talk to Zahara, the leader of the troublemakers, who…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Excellent. What?
Mike: To bring change, and you've been directed by this family to,
Mike: So I assume you just head out?
Mike: Are you doing… I mean, it seems, when you open the door and look out, it seems the ice bridge is gone, it's quiet, nobody's really moving, there's a few people, like, harvesting fish.
Mike: I mean, it's…
Audio shared by Mike: You could… almost pass unnoticed?
Mike: every time you bit, it just seems… there's still the guard, like, you still.
David S. Kong: You'll see the ice?
Mike: Wolf, the size of a, you know, 40 feet tall, standing in front of the crack in the wall that's mirroring the chasm.
Mike: You… Still see,
Mike: But, you know, there's… there's people around, but not very many. Like, Kenku, again, are hard to…
Mike: If you guys transformed into human form, and you, like, threw cloaks on and stuff, you might be able to…
Mike: Sort of just appear as…
Mike: some people passing through, and nobody would pay that much attention to you. It's not like people are… there's no soldiers about whatever the soldier re… that was happening overnight,
Mike: as gone.
Mike: you do see, as you weave, go out the door, but I don't know how you're… what you're… what are you actually doing when you weave the…
Mike: You do see, like,
Mike: mark, like, a… a chalk mark on the door when you weave. There seems to be chalk marks on all the doors.
Mike: Like, with a certain… like, a stylized sigil, kind of, like a… it's not a sign, it's not… it's kind of like a stylized palace, ice palace, almost, like a little squiggly thing drawn on the door.
Mike: you see them drawn on many of the… all of the doors?
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Mike: YOLO? Echo? What are you guys doing?
Audio shared by Mike: Question.
Mike: I mean, as Kenku, you can transform. That's, like, every day, right? That resets at the beginning of the day, so you get 3 hours as a human if you want.
Mike: Or you could just spread your wings and fly.
David S. Kong: Is there a door for you to run through, YOLO?
Mike: Yeah, there's a door, you could run through the door now.
Mike: You can just go knock on the Ice Palace.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel a little bit out of the loop. I think I might have missed part of last session, too.
Mike: the… Super short version is you are trapped in some…
Mike: There's these five magical cracks in the wall that Echo investigated that seem like they're
Mike: showing various strange things on the other side. But one of the… one of the five seems to be showing, like, the chasm when you look through it.
Mike: You're in some village on the edge of a… like, in the chas- it looks like a village in the chasm. There's, like, a giant rock in the middle of the chasm with an ice palace floating on it.
Mike: you're in some… there's, like, fog above you and clouds all around, like, there's clearly some magical boundary to this place, and Finnan's magic said that that's the edge of this realm, whatever it is. So you're in some sort of demiplane, almost certainly.
Mike: There…
Eric Rosenbaum: So we went… we went through the crack into this demi-.
Mike: No, you didn't go through the crack. You emerged from the labyrinth into the demiplane.
Mike: When you killed the beast, and escaped the Labyrinth, you were in the Demiplane.
Kate Sackton: Labyrinth was in the demiplane, and completing the labyrinth put us in a different part of the demiplane.
Mike: Most likely, yes, yes. Basically, when the adventure started, when you fell into the chasm in the very beginning, you fell into the demiplane instead of the chasm.
David S. Kong: I feel…
Mike: The Labyrinth was a demi point.
David S. Kong: This isn't what Echo would do, but I feel like YOLO would really want to fly through one of those five portals that are just, like.
David S. Kong: doorways into another dimension, but I'm not trying to put any, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems correct, yes.
Mike: that…
Mike: Four of them, so, to remind you with the portals, one of them is, like, a violent lightning storm.
Mike: one of them is, like… Ice.
Mike: And snow, and, like, jagged icicles shooting through the air, and, like, shattering in, like, it looks like sort of infinite winter.
Mike: One of them is just, like, weird flashing lights.
Mike: Like, cycling through different colors and, like, colors you can't even name or describe.
Mike: One of them is, like, all sharp pieces of metal, and, like… Strange.
Mike: Twisted metal formations that are, like, look like they're breathing and moving through, like.
Mike: other metal, it's like, it's just… it's a… it's a quite…
Mike: It's hard to even see where, like, it looks like you'd sort of just run into iron or something. And then one of them just looks like the chasm.
Mike: But the one that looks like the chasm, there's a 40-foot-tall statue…
Audio shared by Mike: an Ice Wolf.
Mike: That looks exactly like the statues that came alive and tried to kill you in the first session.
Mike: Except it's 40 feet tall. And it's pretty firmly planted in front of that…
Mike: Crack, that looks like the chasm.
Mike: So if you tried to fly through that, you would almost certainly be stopped by a 40-foot-tall ice wolf, unless you had some way of distracting the wolf, and or teleporting, and or…
Mike: being invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Mike: The other ones all don't look that safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's an exit there, back to the chasm again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But even if we could get ourselves out, Justice says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can't leave these people behind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We need some way to get rid of that wolf one way or another.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's talk to the troublemakers.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Mike: So, the KenQu, are you… what are you guys doing? So you weave the… you weave the hut, and… are you just boldly striding across the plateau? Are you, like, skulking? Are you hiding? Are you disguising yourself?
David S. Kong: into a cat.
Mike: Okay. Cats are good.
David S. Kong: I just stay… when I'm out and about, I just stay as a cat.
Mike: How about the rest of you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, Justin sort of looks himself up and down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At, like, 6 feet tall, in giant armor and a shield and an enormous axe, and a backpack stuffed with the.
Mike: The severed head of a beast we killed, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll look around to the rest of you, like, I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll take suggestions, I don't know how to not be me here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: It's…
Audio shared by Mike: And it also just kind of shakes his head. I mean…
Tim Sackton: Let's just go. My clue.
Kate Sackton: my cloak is made of feathers, like, I don't know, like…
Tim Sackton: Finnan's feeling is, like, after talking to these… To… Nura and… her husband, like…
Tim Sackton: These people… these people need to be aware that the world can change.
Tim Sackton: Let's be the change we want to see in the world.
Kate Sackton: We can protect them if somebody comes after them to make them…
Kate Sackton: Face consequences for harboring us, so let's just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Kate Sackton: We can't…
Tim Sackton: Finan's not so confident in that, but…
Kate Sackton: There's only… I mean… Well, I mean.
Tim Sackton: The people have to rise up and free themselves. We're fomenting a rebellion here, not so much.
Kate Sackton: Let's get the nice people in trouble so that they'll have to suffer. Sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Oh, they're already suffering.
Mike: So you had a cross, so the, the, the…
Mike: place they pointed you to is… so the… the village is divided into two sections. There's a bigger section on this side of the river. So there's a… there's a big waterfall that comes down out from the mists, splashes down to the ground, and then forms a pool.
Mike: Where that's teeming with fish.
Mike: Right, and then clap goes down off the edge of the chasm.
Mike: And just… vanishes, right? So…
Mike: you can cross it, I mean, it's shallow, right? On the… both sides of the pool, it's relatively shallow, and you can just kind of walk across it. It's not even that… it's surprisingly not that cold. There's a smaller village, or sorry, a larger village that you're part of in right now, on…
Mike: The side of the river you're on.
Mike: Zahara's a… you sort of are pointed to a… to, like, three…
Mike: huts on the other… on the far side, like, close to the… to the bridge to the Cattle Island.
Mike: And… so you can… Just… splash crying.
Mike: The fish look really tasty, to echo the cat.
Mike: Like, big, fat salmon.
David S. Kong: Heck other cat dives in and gets one of the salmon.
Mike: That's delicious.
David S. Kong: Echo the Cat stays there and eats more salmon until he is, satiated.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, they're, you know, if you're just a house cat, you don't need to eat that many salmon to be satiated, but…
Tim Sackton: Don't change into your polar bear form, that.
Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: of one salmon.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, it's, you know, it's definitely Fat Bear Week kind of salmon here. Like, there's… it's teeming with salmon. Where they come from, you don't know, because…
David S. Kong: Magic.
David S. Kong: Seeing that, that makes, makes sense.
Mike: Probably.
David S. Kong: food in the circular island.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: Nobody… I mean, a few people, like, stare at you as you walk across, like, one guy who's, like, scooping salmon with a net is just staring at this cat who's, like, eating salmon. Doesn't actually look like he's ever seen a cat.
Audio shared by Mike: Maybe not.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, so you can…
Mike: Conspicuous.
Mike: And is staring at the rest of you, like, it just, like, drops his net, and is just like…
Mike: Staring at you.
Mike: And then, like, grabs his neck before it walks away, but is still staring at you until you leave.
Audio shared by Mike: But doesn't say anything.
Mike: And you get to a,
Mike: you get to this, this, this hut, I mean, the door's closed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice Knox, politely.
Mike: a… Bye.
Mike: older… Man with, like,
Mike: Sort of balding, a little bit.
Mike: A little bit heavyset, but not, like…
Mike: But maybe in… maybe in his 50s or 60s, you would guess.
Mike: Opens the door, and kind of looks you up and down.
Mike: and sort of steps back.
Audio shared by Mike: For a minute?
Mike: And then… Thanks, says Justice, interpreting that as a invitation coming in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So…
Mike: Yeah, no, no, no, he, like, motions with his hand for a minute.
Mike: You must be those who came with Kalima.
Audio shared by Mike: Deep.
Mike: He kind of looks around,
Mike: Wha- what can I do for you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I mean, not… Not to put too fine a point on it, Our hope was to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Break the grip of the fae imposter who's kidnapped you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Destroy the wolf who keeps you trapped here and lead everyone to freedom. How does that line up with your priorities?
Mike: He kinda… looks a little bit… he just… he actually just bursts out laughing.
Mike: Impossible Dreamers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ha ha ha ha.
Mike: Escandar, he introduced himself. Escandar.
Mike: It's, how did you get here? That's a story I would like to hear.
David S. Kong: Where is here? That's another question.
Tim Sackton: Meh.
Tim Sackton: That's a story we would also like to hear.
Tim Sackton: fit in.
David S. Kong: What's that?
Mike: here.
Mike: Well… The elders say, he says.
Mike: Here is, zifa's… realm?
Mike: We've been brought here for sins of the ancient past, and… We are stuck forever.
David S. Kong: Hoosins?
Kate Sackton: Nope, nope.
Mike: our… our ancestors, I guess, the story says, although…
Mike: Nobody's ever been able to tell us what those sins are, exactly.
Mike: It is just… He kind of looks at it as just, some people are born unlucky.
Mike: The elders say it is us, all of us, who are perpetually born unlucky in this place, and we will never…
Mike: Change does not come here.
Tim Sackton: When did the cracks in the wall appear?
Mike: Wow.
Mike: That's when we started to think the elders might be wrong.
Mike: Zam… Man, I… let's see,
Mike: about… 4 months… no, about… 6 months ago?
David S. Kong: Anything happened 6 months ago?
Mike: Other than…
David S. Kong: That might have precipitated that happening?
Kate Sackton: Well, it lines up with the mess going on with our own chasm.
Kate Sackton: And there's crazy, weird storms and bits of metal flying around, and… funny blights.
Kate Sackton: In our chasm, too, right?
Mike: true.
Kate Sackton: A interplanar interface leak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have you ever seen… Zipfest, or anyone in the… Palace?
Mike: the,
Mike: Gas?
Mike: marl Quinn.
Mike: Malcwin the Vakar, Zaifa's lieutenant, supposedly, emerges.
Audio shared by Mike: When the sun sets.
Mike: And… Damn… the, some of us, some… some… worship… Him.
Mike: as, as if he was Xypher.
Tim Sackton: to interrupt. Nobody's ever worshipped Saifa.
Mike: He looks at you oddly.
Tim Sackton: where we come from and where your people come from. Zaifa is not a creature that is worshipped.
Audio shared by Mike: Saifa is…
Tim Sackton: is worded off.
Tim Sackton: One doesn't worship the West Wind. The West Wind brings… Cold, and frost, and… Starvation.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? I'll look over at Justice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice Nutz.
Audio shared by Mike: The West Wind only carries bad news.
Mike: He looks puzzled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is this Mal… Malquist… look like? What's their… Form or appearance, or…
Mike: He describes a tall…
Mike: Maybe 7 foot, 6 and a half foot tall human? But with, like, a pale blue…
Mike: Humanoid, right? But with, like, a pale blue,
Mike: like, a palish, icy skin, you know, these, like… here, you know what? Let me just…
Audio shared by Mike: Otherwise…
Audio shared by Mike: Let me…
Mike: Let me show you a picture.
David S. Kong: Picture.
Mike: Can you see that?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: S.
Mike: Bad.
David S. Kong: Thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
Mike: But, like, human. I mean, human, like, arms, legs, six and a half feet tall.
Tim Sackton: So… Are Gustavo ever depicted in humanoid form?
Mike: Not really. I mean…
Mike: I think, you know, occasionally they're, like, semi-personified, like, some of the more powerful ones would be, like, like, Belsa, the West Wind, like the… the… sorry, the Bringer of Spring, you know, the… the… the warm wind from the green sea.
Mike: might… is, like, feminine in personification, right? And might occasionally be, like.
Mike: A wind with, like, you know, you might imagine her as, like.
Mike: a body of wind having, like, arms and a little bit of a face kind of thing, right? Or, like…
Mike: Braubel, the Glacier King, you might imagine, as…
Tim Sackton: So, sort of…
Mike: A glac… like, a little bit of an anthropomorphic glacier, but, like, not, like…
Mike: humanoid, right? Like, you wouldn't normally imagine a Gestavo as, like, having arms and legs and…
Mike: A face, and 5 fingers, and 5 toes, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So I'll take out my… Book of my,
Tim Sackton: Collected tales and songs of Zimkova.
Tim Sackton: And I will begin, sort of, showing this to… I forget, Iskandar.
Mike: That is kind of.
Tim Sackton: a scandal.
Tim Sackton: These are Gustavo.
Tim Sackton: That is not a Gestapo. I'll read him tale, like, some of the stories.
Mike: He sort of stops you as you're talking, and…
Mike: And what of it?
Mike: I'm just saying, don't…
Tim Sackton: Don't say you're living in the prison of an…
Tim Sackton: Of the west wind, when you're not.
Mike: So…
Tim Sackton: Truth matters.
Mike: Where are we, then?
Tim Sackton: I have no idea.
Mike: Maybe you should go find out.
Kate Sackton: We're living in the prison of Malquin, whoever they are, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tell us about Melquin's guards, or… soldiers, or… Put over there.
Mike: some…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many, how armed?
Mike: some… fights… Him compelling, either through fear, or… True belief.
Mike: Some believe that if you serve him, it keeps your family safe from the sacrifice?
Mike: Don't know if that's really true.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead, sorry.
Mike: there's… He maybe has 15 or 20 under arms.
Mike: It doesn't matter much.
Mike: that,
Mike: when… There's not… Nobody would dare… Challenge him.
Mike: There's not much to fight over here.
Mike: Even the…
Kate Sackton: That…
Mike: To us, I… he sort of looks around him.
Mike: Who would… what… what would we do? Nobody… There's nowhere to go.
Mike: Until now, he sort of… Thinks about, sort of.
Mike: There were several attempts to escape through those cracks.
Mike: And, the…
Mike: One… a few… he sort of mentions two names. One who went through the whitening crack, and one who went through the color… the changing colors crack.
Mike: We… we heard the screams, we heard their screams in the light… when the lightning, as they were electrocuted and died.
Mike: the… Other one, it looked as if their body had dissolved. I do not know what happened to them.
Mike: Those who've tried to escape through the, the one that looks safe, were stopped by Malquin.
Mike: He seems quite… Keen that nobody go through it.
Mike: After the… First attempt, which was stopped by his guards, that thing.
Mike: Mentioning the 40-foot-tall ice wolf appeared.
Mike: And, nobody's dared go too close.
Mike: It… it wakens if you come too close to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How do we know it's… I'll say to the rest of the party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How do we know that thing's really real? I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've seen convincing illusions in my day, that's… I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm suspicious of it.
Tim Sackton: I was just wondering if it would fall for a convincing illusion.
Mike: I… Escandar can tell you that two times.
Mike: basically, there were 3 attempts to go through that crack. The first one…
Mike: all, like, people he knows. The first one, the person was… was stopped by a group of human guards, right?
Mike: But almost made it through.
Mike: The second time, after that, there was, like, Malquin appeared, and was like…
Mike: That gave them a whole speech… gave the whole village a whole speech about how, like, death lies that way, and, like, it'll…
Mike: your soul will be destroyed if you go through that, which Iscandia doesn't believe. He thinks.
Mike: he thinks there's some safety to there. The other ones look really scary and dangerous to him, and…
Mike: like, he has… like…
Mike: Endless Winter kind of looks like more of this, and the metal one, it doesn't even look like you could go through, and people died going into the other two. So it's… but the ice wolf appeared after that, supposedly for our protection.
Mike: Right.
Mike: to keep.
Tim Sackton: And…
Mike: anybody's…
Tim Sackton: What happened to Kalima?
Mike: Kalima was… was a sacrifice.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm asking, what happened to him, I'm asking.
Mike: Oh, him. What happened there?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Oh, my…
Kate Sackton: last night.
Mike: Zara hit her down in the,
Mike: Down in the mines, the holes in the cliff, down… Nobody's supposed to come back.
Mike: It's not clear what Malcolm would do to her, or what she means, or how she came back, or…
Mike: We don't know.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna… I'm gonna telepathically say to Justice, show him the hat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I… I don't think this guy needs convincing. I… I think… I think we should… Head on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's either go chat with the wolf, or… or with the fey imposter.
Mike: He, he says if, if,
Mike: Zara, our leader, they tend to… to… There's… there's more…
Mike: There's more privacy and safety on the…
Mike: the jungle. He sort of points to the lush, thickly dense,
Mike: when… when Zara needs… when they need time to think and… and space away from this.
Mike: Tells you that there's… you can find it if you go to the… if you go to the,
Mike: the Washfood Islands, right, which is, like, a dense…
Mike: Thickly grow… thickly overgrown forest of, like, fruit trees, and…
Mike: crops and all kinds. Finds the… finds the, the tallest apple tree, and… There's, like, a…
Mike: He describes, like, a,
Mike: thicket next to the tallest apple tree, where you can… where Zahara's, or, Zahara's… they built, like, a little hideaway.
Mike: Don't be obvious about it, though.
Mike: We don't think anybody knows about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many of you are there who feel this way?
Mike: while… there's about… There's seven.
Mike: There was more, but there's 7 we trust.
Mike: we are… I mean, he… he says we're…
Mike: We would like to go through. We think that's the way out.
Mike: Wherever this place is, We don't believe that leaving here will cause our souls to be eaten.
Mike: But… I would say… maybe another… 20 or 30?
Mike: Don't think we're wrong.
Mike: But many are convinced by the elders who do believe our souls will be eaten if we leave.
Mike: So he has basically, like, 7 inner circle, and another 20 or 30 who are, like…
Mike: with them in spirit, but aren't, like… I mean…
Mike: They… he's like, if you have any ideas on how to get rid of that thing, we've been despairing.
Mike: Yeah, I'm worried.
Mike: it'll go away.
Kate Sackton: If we dispatch it, but that act makes the exit unstable.
Kate Sackton: Do you have a plan for convincing or mobilizing beyond your…
Mike: Dad.
Kate Sackton: Have you ever thought of trying to rescue everyone?
Mike: Nope.
Mike: Why would we do that?
Mike: I mean, I don't mean it… If we can get out, That's enough for me.
Mike: he seems sort of… I mean, he's… he's kind of like… his attitude is a bit… .
Kate Sackton: AI.
Kate Sackton: What'd you?
Kate Sackton: I said white guy.
Mike: A little bit, yeah, like, you know. But no, it's also a little bit just…
Mike: cynical. Like, and a little bit bitter, like, you know…
Mike: If these people don't want to believe what's good for them, then… it's not my job to save them.
Mike: I mean, you get the sense maybe, like, one of the people who died is, like, his closest… like, he's definitely bitter about something, right? Like…
David S. Kong: So just to be, like, like, nobody's asked us to save anybody or do anything, right?
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: It's like, everything's just kinda, you know… Nobody's, like, obviously suffering.
Mike: They seem to have some really tasty salmon.
David S. Kong: That's a lot, I mean, I'm just saying from, like, the Kenku perspective, like, what are… what are we doing? Are we… you know, there looks like there's, like, a little portal right there, and if we fly through it, we get through to the chasm on the other side, like, what's the…
Mike: The 40-foot ice wolf is much larger than the size of the crack.
Mike: So, flying through it would pose certain challenges, even… it's not like you could just fly above the 40-foot ice wolf. The crack is only 20 feet tall. So, you'd have to have a plan for distracting or getting past the wolf. It's not like you could just…
Mike: fly away.
David S. Kong: Sure. I'm just saying, it's like, it's like, what, like, what are you, like, you know, what's the…
Mike: Escandr has clearly, basically, in your conversation, he has certainly implied that the seven of them, this inner circle, are trying to get out.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, okay. So there is a group that is trying to, okay.
Mike: But it's the 7 of them, really. And there's maybe another 20 people who would… who sort of…
Mike: aren't actively trying to do anything. There's, like, the seven people who are like, yeah, if you guys, you know, solve the problem, we'll come along, but, like, we're not gonna risk our lives or do anything interesting, right? It's a small group that's actively trying to get out.
Mike: Or who actively believes that there's something better on the other side, would be a better way of putting it.
Mike: But… so he's basically said, look, if you have a way out, he sort of asked, like, do you have an idea? But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, ju-
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just to hoist the axe. He's… he's sort of offended by the… like, it's kind of vaguely sacrilegious that someone would pretend to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to, impersonate one of his gods in order to keep people here, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, so let's say, of course there's a way out. Either we'll cut our way through the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wolfer will cut our way through the false god.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's just a question of the order we want to take it in.
Mike: He walks at you,
Mike: Sort of laughs a little bit again.
Mike: Maybe your axe is sharper than I think it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I haven't found something yet that can.
Tim Sackton: I'm… I'll just telepathically bounce to fit in, or to justice, because I don't want to scare everybody, but…
Tim Sackton: in my… reading of the Fae.
Tim Sackton: If this… truly is the Fae impersonator.
Tim Sackton: They are way beyond anything we can do justice, although I applaud the sentiment.
Tim Sackton: A Feylord is not a… Enemy that can be defeated with an axe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about a nice wolf?
Tim Sackton: That may be.
Tim Sackton: Although…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe we start with the wolf, then.
David S. Kong: Would the wolf End?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then work our way up to the Feylord from there. We can figure out the next part when we get there.
David S. Kong: So you mean, like, start with the wolf as in try to kill the wolf, or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Hell yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, don't get me wrong, it's a big wolf. It's the biggest wolf I've ever seen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I… I've killed wolves before.
Kate Sackton: So… they want… Some… some of these people want to get out.
Kate Sackton: We wanna… Change this unjust and vaguely sacrilegious situation just on principle.
Kate Sackton: But also, we kind of want to address the…
Kate Sackton: Giant supernatural disruption to our own homeworld, and when we get back, maybe have it be a better place, because we were gone.
Kate Sackton: So, if this failure can give us any insight into The set of cracks.
Kate Sackton: Maybe they're worth talking to in a non-confrontational way for that reason.
Kate Sackton: Because it would be really nice if our chasm wasn't raining thunderstorms that sent you through interventional metal storms.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I mean…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But it kinda does that sometimes, doesn't it?
Tim Sackton: How do we know that's related?
Kate Sackton: It's gotten a lot worse lately. That's why I've been worried about… that's why I've been sending out parties that have put themselves in peril.
Kate Sackton: We still don't know what happened to the…
Kate Sackton: people whose names I can't remember. In the last about…
Mike: Well, in the last about… Wait, what did I say? I said it was 8 months?
Mike: It's been about… in the last 2 months or so, It's been… much worse.
Mike: in Talgar, right? Like, there's always weird stuff, but the, like.
Mike: It was, like, late fall, so, like, about 2 months ago.
Mike: When, like, all the really weird omens started happening, like, you know, the rainbow of strange colors that shattered into glass.
Mike: And fell over, and, like, the… the lightning storm. Like, there's just been a bunch of these, like, odd omens that started happening about…
Mike: About 2 months ago.
Kate Sackton: So, like, Parenchis and Ajakis are trying to, like, solve this problem, and…
Mike: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We can't quite rescue them if we can't rescue ourselves, but also if we don't use this opportunity to learn more about what's going on.
Mike: Right. Like, a living sheet of ice that drifted down the teft like a predator. A rainbow of glass that had a hundred different… thousand different colors, right? Like, a thunderstorm with… with,
Mike: Crazy lightning, and…
Tim Sackton: We are… Those names you mentioned, Drain?
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Mike: I was gonna say,
Mike: And now I'm trying to find their names. Wait, oh, here we go, I got it.
Mike: Drakeus was Echo's mentor. Drakeus was Echo's mentor, part of the Vekai, who went into and…
Mike: Parenko was one of the warriors of Cameco.
Mike: Who went about… what, 3 weeks ago, into the chasm to investigate
Mike: To try and see why has it gotten so weird.
Mike: And they never returned.
Mike: And… But… but Drain was… was recruited, partly to sort of help
Mike: carry messages to them, right, with her bird and stuff like that. And they… they…
Mike: About a week ago.
Mike: A cloud of superheated steam.
Mike: killed your bird, and obscured what was going on, and it, like, fogs and mists started rising, and nobody knew what, what, what Adrakis and Perink,
Mike: orinkitik were doing after that.
Mike: But, like, Echo, I mean, this is your mentor, Adrakus, right? Like, he's, like, a druid of the chasm of the Vehovah Kai, he's, like, worried that, like, something wrong is happening down there. And that's actually… you went… you came to go after him, originally.
David S. Kong: Right, right, right.
David S. Kong: So… okay. Well… I mean, I definitely wanna… Help my mentor.
Kate Sackton: That's a spirit.
Mike: South.
Mike: you guys are… I mean, Escandr's happy to keep talking to you. You could go investigate the wolf, you could go find…
Mike: Zahara, although…
Mike: it's not clear they know that much more than… they're more the active wing, and might have a better sense of specific plans, or thing, or help plan plans, but, you could also go knock… I mean.
Mike: Escandr does not think the Lord would, like, kill you. Like, he doesn't, like, kill people. He doesn't… he's not, like, violent.
Mike: But, who knows, I mean, he might throw you back in the labyrinth, I guess.
Mike: But… Damn.
Mike: You could go knock on the door and talk to Malklin.
Mike: Or, as you know, I mean, you know he has another name, right?
Mike: for… Which I made up and now can never pronounce, but…
Mike: So what are you doing?
Kate Sackton: Go on.
Tim Sackton: Anybody have opinions?
David S. Kong: Open.
David S. Kong: Excellent.
Mike: Perfect, I'm too tired for this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice is, like, a strong bias for direct action. I'm… I'm all for marching over this fake person and giving them the business.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could we… is there something we could shoot?
Mike: I mean, there's a 40-foot-tall ice wolf.
Mike: Bye.
Mike: You could cheat.
Mike: You don't know what happened if you shot it.
Mike: We don't need to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that it's really there. I mean, that could be anything.
Mike: Could be.
Kate Sackton: It hasn't woken up and actually
Kate Sackton: hurt anybody who tried to go through. Like, just this presence has been enough of a deterrent, right?
Mike: It… it did growl at one of the people who tried to go through. Like, it turned its head and growled.
David S. Kong: As a cat got close to it, did it notice anything? Did it notice anything?
Mike: Yup.
Mike: But you were pretty stealthy.
David S. Kong: Right.
Mike: But it did not wake up when Echoes of Cat got close to it.
David S. Kong: And sorry, Echo's mentor is where, potentially?
Mike: So…
Mike: you think that you're in a demiplane that's echoing the chasm, right? But as far as you know, your mentor is actually in the chasm.
David S. Kong: That…
Mike: Who… and was investigating whatever strange magic,
Mike: Was causing the chasm to start spewing all kinds of…
Mike: Out of, you know, strange, Things.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Right? So all kinds of weird, you know, weird magic started coming out of the chasm, like, weird effects.
Mike: And it's just… the chasm normally… yes, it's not like things are normal, but they're not normally so…
Mike: normally it's more in tune with the elements, and it seemed like what was coming out of it was very out of tune, right? There was, like, these weird…
Mike: just out of season, and…
Mike: it made the Veho Vaikai very nervous, like… what's…
Mike: what's going on here, right? And so this guy, this Adrakis, the… one of the sort of elder druids, went into the chasm with one of the monks from the Kameko, right? One of the Tenku, to investigate, right?
Mike: And they're apparently still down there, as far as you know.
David S. Kong: Alright, well, okay.
David S. Kong: I guess Echo is more motivated to figure out ways to help his mentor.
David S. Kong: Primarily.
David S. Kong: But, you know, we're obviously in a weird little spot right now.
David S. Kong: I mean, I'm down to attack a nice wolf, if that's what we want to do.
Kate Sackton: I think we want to charm the pants off this Feylord and get him to…
Kate Sackton: Change what he's doing, and… Put his talents to use solving world peace.
Tim Sackton: And is not convinced that's gonna work, but…
Mike: I mean, it's kind of like, if… if…
Mike: Zaifa is really the… not Zaifa… Zahara is really the strategist, if you don't know what to do.
Mike: Let's go find them.
Tim Sackton: Let's… let's talk… let's just go talk to the fae.
Kate Sackton: Could we stop by Zahara or somebody on the way and tell them
Kate Sackton: We're gonna stir the pot, be ready to… I guess they're…
Tim Sackton: Will you send Iskander with a message? I'm worried if we go talk to her, we'll draw attention to her… their hideout.
Mike: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good point, good point. Great story. You could send the message, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: You could send a scandal with a message, what's the message? We're stirring the pot, be ready.
Kate Sackton: Meh.
Tim Sackton: I'll… Yeah, and… You know, make sure that the, you know, as many people as you can are
Tim Sackton: Are prepared to… Going through the portal, at short notice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: And I'll… I'll tell everybody, and it's fine. I'll… I'll actually… I'll… I'll…
Tim Sackton: Switch to… to comments so we can all talk.
Tim Sackton: I'll apologize to Iskender, but tell him…
Tim Sackton: If he doesn't mind us using the privacy of his house for 5 minutes to plan, we would appreciate it.
Mike: He'll go break your message and leave you alone, that's fine.
Mike: He goes off, he gets secret planning.
Mike: Damn.
Mike: he tells you, no, yeah, he just goes, he's fine. He says, I don't know what you're planning, but…
Mike: We'll be ready to run.
Mike: If an opportunity presents.
Tim Sackton: So, Finnan suggests…
Mike: If I remember correctly, one of the things that…
Tim Sackton: happened.
Tim Sackton: Back in our world was… some kind of weird ice…
Tim Sackton: Rain… some kind of weird rainbow?
Tim Sackton: Strange colors that shattered into glass.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Who's to say that's not the same plantar disturbance that caused the rainbow swirly color gash?
Tim Sackton: Where the ice that froze the Taft is not the same
Tim Sackton: Planar disturbance that caused the gash to… the… Ice World here.
Tim Sackton: So why don't we…
Tim Sackton: Why don't we tell this fae?
Tim Sackton: That he's in danger.
Tim Sackton: And we need 10 volunteers.
Tim Sackton: To come with us.
Tim Sackton: And figure out what's going on before… The whole thing collapses.
Kate Sackton: Or 27?
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Or if we can pull off 27.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sounds like… It's been a number of ski.
Tim Sackton: Think we can get away with.
David S. Kong: Just so you know, there's no music mic.
Tim Sackton: I mean, as far as we know, nobody knows where we came from.
Kate Sackton: Unless he was watching.
Tim Sackton: us in the labyrinth, because that's his, like, only entertainment, is Labyrinth view.
Tim Sackton: Even that's hard.
Tim Sackton: As we appeared in the labyrinth.
Kate Sackton: And beat the heck out of everything, yes.
Tim Sackton: Let's act annoyed that we had to… like… Kill this puny beast.
Tim Sackton: To get to the real problem.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: I'll look over at YOLO.
Tim Sackton: I've only known you, I actually don't know how long.
Tim Sackton: But… I think now's your moment.
Tim Sackton: Brash overconfidence is what I think we're going for here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm the… actually the world's expert in that.
Tim Sackton: So, lead the way, let's just march on the palace.
Tim Sackton: We're here on a mission, we're asking for his help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yellow…
Tim Sackton: just… just remember, That we're on a mission.
Tim Sackton: And we're asking for his help.
Kate Sackton: You can still shoot first.
Tim Sackton: They're not shooting him.
Tim Sackton: That's all we need to remember.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure there'll be something to shoot later.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just get us in the door, right?
Tim Sackton: I'll look at Echo. Is he gonna keep that straight? Telepathically, not out loud?
David S. Kong: Is he gonna get… is he gonna do what?
Tim Sackton: Is he gonna keep that straight? Is he gonna shoot somebody?
David S. Kong: You might shoot somebody, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I guess we'll live dangerously.
Kate Sackton: Trompity trumpity.
Tim Sackton: So, I'm gonna propose that we try and…
Tim Sackton: inconspicuously make it out of this neighborhood, so it's not obvious that we were just in this person's house, and then…
Tim Sackton: just… Although maybe it's already obvious, because we weren't inconspicuous walking through the town.
Mike: How are you gonna…
Tim Sackton: Not tracked.
Mike: get to the Ice Palace.
Tim Sackton: Isn't there a bridge?
Mike: No, it vanished. It extended when the troops marched across, but then it vanished again.
Tim Sackton: I'll just go stand where the bridge… appeared, and…
Mike: I mean, obviously the Kenku can fly there.
Tim Sackton: I'll just use, minor illusion to create a very loud.
Mike: Okay, I mean, so you guys, okay, so you…
Mike: let's… let's do this. Let me just tell you… let me tell you what you're doing. So… or tell me what you're doing. So you march out of the… you skulk out of the house, and then march. The bridge kind of appears right… normally would appear right near where the… where the salmon pond is. So you march back.
Mike: So, tell me what you're doing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, march back to where the bridge appears, and then just stand there, obviously, in the open.
Mike: So, hold on a sec, Tim. So, KenQu, what do you guys do?
Mike: What, what is Kate, so what is Strand doing?
Kate Sackton: Drain is fluffing up her cloak dramatically and just striding off looking like a… Warrior.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Her very impressive friends.
Kate Sackton: The halfling and the really actually impressive-looking warrior.
Mike: not… when you say fluffing up your code dramatically, you don't mean casting Levitate and getting…
Mike: drifted across. You're just… you're just trying to look dramatic.
Kate Sackton: I'm just trying to look dramatic for now. If we decide that we… if no bridge appears, I reserve the right to levitate later, but…
Mike: What's… what's YOLA doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Unfolding his wings, confidently.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking around for something interesting to use… in the giant's quiver to…
Eric Rosenbaum: Create some magic arrows, to complete the mission, which involves shooting Things, probably.
Mike: I mean, there are a lot of salmon.
Mike: There's, like, water, there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. Stones? There's.
Mike: Lots of things, maybe, in the jungle, on the little jungle island.
Mike: There's, like, snow and mist and ice.
Mike: There's a cattle island with a rope bridge to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, stop.
Mike: The hots are mostly stone.
Mike: There's, of course, like, 4 cracks of weird magic in the wall, but that's about 400… 400 feet away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, open day.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: for that, but…
Tim Sackton: What is your quiver, exactly?
Tim Sackton: Can you… can you, like, stick it into the…
Tim Sackton: Sharp metal one and get weird metallic plane of metal eras.
Tim Sackton: How does it work? I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you know, mostly I've just, like, put a little glowing ember in there, and then I can shoot a flaming arrow, or a chunk of ice, or…
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, stone or something.
Mike: It takes a short rest to change it, is the main thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: But, whatever you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've never tried.
Mike: YOLO just puts things in the quiver, and then the arrows that magically appear in his quiver.
Tim Sackton: I see.
Mike: are somehow related to the thing he puts in it. Like, how does it work? I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've never tried fish arrows, I like your idea even better.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go try that, just a minute.
Mike: So you're gonna walk over… you're gonna… you're gonna walk over to the… to the gash that is the metal… the plane of the metal, the weird metal, and what? Try and grab a piece?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. This is a good character, I enjoy playing him.
Mike: No, it's not a vortex, you don't get sucked through. If you just stick your hand in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It goes away.
Mike: Oh, holy, Hold on, where are my guys?
Mike: Oops.
Mike: I know you're a major fan, I'll just have to roll.
Mike: I just have to roll on D&D Beyond one second.
Mike: Actually, make a… make a dexterity saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: 36…
Eric Rosenbaum: 19.
Mike: Okay,
Mike: You take, 18 points of damage.
Mike: As their hand is shredded by, well… So, you can choose.
Mike: You stick your hand in to…
Mike: try and, like, get something. And, like, like, this, like, sharp, like, blades are basically flying through the air, like, shredding your hand. Now.
David S. Kong: Major.
Mike: save. So you can either take 18 points of damage and take a piece of the sharp metal with you as you withdraw your hand, or you can take half damage and get nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm taking the thing.
Mike: Okay. So, you stuck your hand into, like, a swirling whirlwind, basically, and, like, this…
Mike: these blades, this, like, sharp piece of metal came flying and kind of started shredding your arm. You pulled it back quite quickly, and are left with, like, this weirdly shimmering, like, piece of metal. Like, it's hard to know what kind of metal it is.
Mike: It… it's, like, it's black on one side, green in the middle, like, a dull, like, coppery green in the middle, and… and white on the other side, and it's, like, sharper than almost anything you've ever felt before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Finan, you're a genius.
Eric Rosenbaum: I drop it in the quiver.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Blood pouring from your hand.
Mike: Yeah, exactly.
Kate Sackton: Blood arrows!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This was a great idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't…
Mike: The wolf's head turns to look at you.
Mike: It still looks like it's ice, but it's… you notice…
Tim Sackton: Say telepathically to YOLO, just wave at it, don't shoot at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: With my crossbow, I assume you mean. I wave with my crossbow.
Mike: It's eyes open.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll say… To…
Tim Sackton: By the way…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tell him to not believe that it's there and see what happens.
Tim Sackton: Try not believing that it's there and see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: I confidently disbelieve in the world.
Mike: Roll it in… roll… well, I'll… actually, what's your intelligence?
Eric Rosenbaum: very high, like, greatest intelligence of all. I have a 16.
Mike: That, the Wolf, I mean…
Mike: You convince yourself for a second it doesn't exist, and then you realize you're being dumb, and it's really right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it may as well not be.
Tim Sackton: Come back this way, so we can go… bother this fey dude.
Mike: You do need to take a short rest to see what Not from these errors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let's talk to Buffet first, and then we can short rest before we do anything else. Unless you want to short rest now, although we've already made our scene, so it's gonna…
Tim Sackton: Kind of dilute our impact if we stomp around town and then vanish for an hour.
Mike: So, hold on, while this is happening, what is… Kong, what is… is YOLO… I mean, is Echo doing anything? Are you just…
Mike: Still a cat?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm still a cat. Just, just.
David S. Kong: Looking at YOLO with, just…
Mike: you could snack again, right? Like, the salmon was really good.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, I'll continue eating salmon.
Mike: Ed, what's Justice doing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just… Justice is praying and reconnecting with the Gestavo. He's… he's real unsettled by this turn.
Mike: Okay. That it's not really like Gustavo space that we're in.
Mike: And Tim, Finian was… Finian was, like, casting some sort of spell.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm just… I'm just… I mean, I'm waiting for everybody. Once… once we're all gathered together, I just…
Tim Sackton: Use minor illusion to boost my voice louder. Okay.
Mike: That's a… yeah, okay.
Mike: So, you know, YOLO comes back after a few minutes with, like, a bleeding hand and this weird piece of metal, which I guess you've thrown in your quiver.
Mike: that… Dad.
Mike: Nothing's happened with the bridge, although there's now maybe about…
Mike: 15 people who have variously stopped to look at you.
Mike: So there's a little… nobody's come close to you, it's not like there's a crowd around you, but there's definitely people…
Mike: looking.
Tim Sackton: I'll just look at… look over us and ask if anybody speaks Sylvan.
David S. Kong: -
Mike: I don't know if you guys all… some of you didn't really pick languages.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably worse.
Tim Sackton: She doesn't speak any languages, which is fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, you don't have to pick languages, there's no requirement that you speak lots of different languages, but… but…
Kate Sackton: I speak Sylvan.
Mike: You do, okay.
Mike: Kate speaks, er, Drain speaks Sylvan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Well, then I'll ask Drain, would you, shout in your loudest, most convincing, and politest voice?
Tim Sackton: That we are interplanner… Travelers come to conference on the…
Tim Sackton: Planner rifts that are affecting both of our worlds.
Tim Sackton: Please extend the bridge.
Kate Sackton: I say that exactly.
Mike: Because I have to…
Kate Sackton: in Sylvan, but following Finan's…
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: You know, intonations and…
Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I'm trying to borrow somebody else's persuasion, because I'm not very persuasive, but I do speak Sylvan, so I'm saying it.
Mike: Okay. After…
Kate Sackton: with…
Mike: a minute.
Mike: a… the bridge extends, or a bridge extends, it's… it's…
Mike: it's narrow, right? It's only, like, maybe…
Mike: 6 inches or 8 inches across.
Mike: 8, you know, 8 inches. You could walk it, but it's definitely not too abreast kind of thing.
Mike: And you see a,
Mike: a door on the… on the palace, kind of swing open. Like, the front door just kind of swings open, but you don't hear any response.
Tim Sackton: That's an invitation.
Kate Sackton: into the door.
Mike: So you… you come across this narrow bridge, it's… it takes a certain amount of… I mean, you don't have to… you don't have to roll to cross it, but it certainly…
Mike: Takes a certain amount of concentration if you want to, like.
Mike: you have to, like, carefully step. It's slippery, and it's only about 8 inches across, and of course, either direction is, like, a plunge down into the labyrinth. So it's a certain amount of… well, the Kenku maybe just flap their wings, and a cat… I mean, your cat is, like, whatever, right? This is not a big deal for a cat, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the half thing is nimble, it's… it's really just me who has a problem.
Mike: But, yeah, Kate, and Drayton.
Mike: But you don't really have a problem, it's just distracting, right? Like, it's just, you have to pay attention to foot after foot.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I have a plus 7 to acrobatics, I think it can cross an arrow.
Mike: Well, Drain is like, I do this in my sleep. It's really… no, it's just justice. Justice is the only one who's distracted. The rest of you are like, meh.
Mike: Jess is like, damn my heavy feet!
Mike: Damn.
Mike: you come across this palace, like I described before, it's, like, large, fancy, but there's these large double doors, right, made of, like, something dark, some sort of dark metal. And one of them is, like, swung open.
Mike: And you can see there's, like, a court, like, a inner hall, like, an inner wall… you know, hall, basically, that you can walk into.
Kate Sackton: You're welcome.
Tim Sackton: walking.
Mike: The door slams shut as soon as you walk in.
Mike: And you see… In front of you, there's, like, it's like an entrance hall.
Mike: There's a two… there's, like, passageways that lead to the left and the right, and then immediately in front of the entrance hall, like, on the other side, there's another sort of double door, which, as the other one slams shut, also swings open.
Mike: And you can see beyond it, there's, like… it looks like sort of a…
Mike: not literally a throne room exactly, but kind of a throne room-esque vibe. There's, like, a chair on one end, and…
Mike: A big open space, but there's nobody in it.
Mike: There's like a…
Tim Sackton: forward.
Mike: You know, when you cross again, the door behind you slams shut, and you hear a voice.
Mike: Behind you, like, speaking…
Mike: well, you hear it in several languages, I don't know what language everybody speaks, but first and Elvish, are you real?
Mike: And then in Sylvan, you hear, Travelers?
Mike: From the outside, and then in common. Who are you?
Mike: What are your names? Why are you here?
Tim Sackton: Shit.
Tim Sackton: Do we see anybody?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, I mean, as you turn around, you see the guy, the person I showed you before, appeared, like, as the door slammed shut, like, as you walked forward, not on the throne, appears behind you, and starts, like.
Mike: It's almost like a startup, like.
Mike: appears out of nowhere and, like, shouts, like, are you real? Well, I don't know, do any of you speak Elvish?
Tim Sackton: I do.
Mike: Okay. So, you understand the Elvish one, are you real? Drain would understand the… travelers, and then common, you know, to all of you. Who are you? What do you…
Tim Sackton: There.
Tim Sackton: Finnen will respond in Elvesh.
Tim Sackton: We are real.
Mike: Hold your tongue, he says.
Mike: That is not a language of the real.
Mike: In common.
Kate Sackton: I respond.
Mike: it put… he points it at YOLO.
Mike: U.
Mike: Where do you fly to with those wings?
Mike: There's nowhere to flash.
Mike: There's no up or down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes there is.
Mike: You would deny me?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, but what's up? I, down… .
Tim Sackton: I will say in common.
Tim Sackton: who are you?
Mike: Why do you say that,
Mike: He disappears and reappears on the throne.
Mike: and says,
Mike: Seeming, like, in a totally different tone of voice, like, a much more, kind of,
Mike: regal and melodious. Like, this was… he was talking, like, statico, like, harsh, like, in a much more melodious and regal kind of voice, in… also in common. From sitting on the throne, says.
Mike: You are here.
Mike: about the cracks.
Mike: in the wall. In reality, I am Malquin the Vaccar, ruler of this place.
Mike: What do you know?
Tim Sackton: The cracks… Well, they're not just… In your dimension, They are… rips between multiple planes.
Tim Sackton: They weren't just your problem.
Tim Sackton: But you seem to have cultivated a very, robust culture of…
Tim Sackton: Stasis and fear here, so it is difficult to get any useful information about what has happened on this side.
Tim Sackton: So we've come to you.
Tim Sackton: If you want this solved, you'll have to tell us something.
Mike: Solved. Closed?
Mike: Solved means closed, yes? Healed? Erased?
Tim Sackton: I mean, the alternative is to be consumed by a giant storm of lightning…
Mike: Swirling rainbow metal ice.
Tim Sackton: So… Yes?
Mike: He disappears.
Mike: And appears standing, like, inches from Finian. Consumed! Consumed! Consumed?
Mike: Being consumed by metal ice.
Mike: I would consume you first.
Mike: Why dare you say such things like this?
Mike: Who are you to be speaking of being consumed?
Mike: Nothing can consume me, I am everything.
Tim Sackton: That's wonderful to hear.
Tim Sackton: Please then tell us how to stop the cracks.
Tim Sackton: You must be the cracks if you are everything, no?
Mike: everything outside is fake. It's not real on the outside.
Mike: So I… so I've been told. So… So the whispers say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How could it be?
Mike: There's nothing beyond the edge.
Mike: So the cracks must not be real either.
Mike: It is a trick.
Mike: A trick of… Of me? Am I checking me? That would not be… that would be cruel.
Tim Sackton: So why do you rent them?
Tim Sackton: Why are they guarded if they are not real?
Mike: Duh.
Mike: My people will vanish into nothing if they go through. It will eat them, consume them, destroy them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where were you before you were here?
Mike: Here?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am… I've always been here. There's nowhere else.
Mike: He vanishes and appears back on the throne.
Mike: I think… What? He says, again, totally different tone of voice, how… I would gladly… aid…
Mike: Your attempt to… cleanse these from the world, but I know not what you need.
Tim Sackton: some volunteers.
Tim Sackton: People we select to help us on this mission.
Tim Sackton: Surely you can spare a few to save the rest.
Mike: Wow.
Mike: I would need, assurances.
Tim Sackton: What sort of assurances?
Mike: He's sort of, he looks like he's… he's sort of thinking for a minute, it seems…
Mike: Wow.
Mike: a few.
Mike: Is it… How do I know you really came?
Mike: from the outside.
Tim Sackton: I mean, do you want…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unshoulders his knapsack and pulls out the severed head of the creature.
Mike: He vanishes from the throne, and appears standing next to… standing, like.
Mike: next, like, very, very close to justice, and grabs…
Tim Sackton: grabs the, the…
Mike: to,
Mike: Creature's head from you, and, like, holds it up, sort of looking at it, like, and says, my…
Mike: My other, my… My curse, my… Are you… You cannot be.
Mike: And he sort of starts grabbing at the… at the base, like, trying to feel, like, is it connected to something? Like, you cannot be separated. You must come back to us.
Mike: and he sort of…
Mike: Takes it, and is, like, sort of staring, like, he's almost locked, like, he's… he seems like, like…
Mike: lost, like, you must… You must be…
Mike: And then he sort of… he… he…
Mike: He drops it and appears back at the throne.
Mike: Seeming a little bit uncertain that, Like, he hasn't…
Mike: seem to be acknowledging that there's these weird changes coming over him. You must understand it has been,
Mike: Some time since we have any… had any
Mike: news from the outside. I don't… rightly remember.
Mike: what it… is.
Tim Sackton: When was the last time you had news?
Mike: I don't.
Mike: rightly remember.
Tim Sackton: Why don't you come with us?
Mike: I… could… What if it is… I could not.
Tim Sackton: Or not.
Mike: I'm like, it… He says, it…
Mike: The whispers say I would end.
Mike: How do I know they are not correct?
Mike: Ending is the worst of all fates.
Mike: I could not have that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could I… I wonder if I could roll an insight check. I'm… I am trying to discern whether he is under the influence of some magical or other effect external, or whether he has basically just gone mad from being
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, locked in this micro-realm for a thousand years by himself.
Mike: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here I go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is a 14 plus 6, that's 20 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait a minute.
Tim Sackton: Kong.
Tim Sackton: You have detect thoughts.
Mike: That would be a useful thing to do.
Tim Sackton: Passed.
Mike: You're on mute.
Mike: You're on mute, Kong, if you're talking.
David S. Kong: Sorry, I was saying, so I do.
David S. Kong: Oh, I can also mask my mind, that's useful. Well, I thought I would need that at the moment.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so let's see, detect thoughts… Yeah, cool.
David S. Kong: Let me do that.
Mike: Yeah, you learn what's most on the targets. They don't even get a… they don't get a save, I think, unless you…
Mike: Try to probe deeper.
Tim Sackton: Right, and once for long rest, you can… you can cast it without using a spell slot or spell components, so it's undetectable.
Mike: That's a good idea.
David S. Kong: Alright, I'll do that.
Mike: Okay, so, let me get to… let me… so, Justice, your… I mean… you kinda… think about…
Mike: How he's acting, and it… does not it…
Mike: you know, you don't have a… you don't have, like, a deep experience with… well, I don't know, maybe you do have a deep experience with mental illness, actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think some, like, I've… I've seen people who are hermits out living in the woods, or people who've been stranded, or isolated, cut off for whole seasons at a time, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I have some experience with those sort of varieties of things.
Mike: It… it doesn't… it doesn't… seem like…
Mike: like, you don't get the sense that his… there's a consistency, in a way. Like, there is this thread of consistency.
Mike: In his speech patterns, although they are… different?
Mike: Like, it's not, you know, they're a different tonality and stuff like that, but you don't… it doesn't seem like he's, like, possessed or something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Right.
Mike: But, I mean, it's… it's a little bit hard to… to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Mike: bike.
Mike: But you're casting the tech dots?
David S. Kong: I am, yeah.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: right, so sorry, he… you cast Detect Thoughts, and
Mike: I just lost the thread of… what were you just asking him before you…
Mike: Alright, he said, how do I know? You had said, how long?
Mike: how long have you been here? And he says, well, I don't rightly remember, right?
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: I'm sending you a message with his thoughts.
David S. Kong: Grip, cool.
Mike: So, yes, I, I don't… I don't… rightly remember.
Tim Sackton: Ayahu Assem.
Tim Sackton: To come with us.
Mike: Oh, right, asked him to cut… right, and then he said,
Tim Sackton: But how could I? I…
Mike: I believe that, you know, how do I know that the outside world is… is real at all? It seems,
Mike: not exist… he was sort of saying not existing is the worst of all faiths. Telepathically.
Tim Sackton: tell Echo to… or sorry, tell Yolo to, like, fly up a little bit and show off his wings.
Tim Sackton: And hoping that YOLO does that.
Tim Sackton: I will say.
Tim Sackton: Of course it's real, have you seen such creatures in here? Where do you think we came from? We're not figments of your imagination. I'll hold out my hand. Grab my hand.
Mike: And…
Tim Sackton: You know, I looked up and down, finning, like…
Tim Sackton: You ever seen a person who looks like this before?
Mike: You seem not… unfamiliar, although I cannot say from where.
Tim Sackton: From before you came to this world.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll… just as a quick note, Mike, I'm also going to sense the presence of thoughts within 30 feet of myself.
Mike: There's nobody else within 30 feet.
David S. Kong: Thinking, other than… other than us.
Mike: Other than the five of you and… than him. Okay.
Mike: Now, of course, he says, the mind plays tricks.
Mike: Of course you would seem familiar, if you were not real.
Mike: Proof. Proof is what is needed, you see.
Mike: To solve these dilemmas.
Mike: Perhaps…
Tim Sackton: And what… What would convince you?
Mike: Perhaps evidence it was…
Mike: Safe to leave.
Mike: But what would that look like?
Mike: Perhaps… But… But it seems, I think, he says,
Mike: That those who go through these cracks have vanished forever.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we'll go through the crack.
David S. Kong: We'll definitely go through the crack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You want proof? Send us! Maybe with a few… a few other volunteers.
Tim Sackton: Round up the people you don't like, the ones that you can afford to lose.
Tim Sackton: Let's go through.
Tim Sackton: If we survive, we'll come back and tell you. If we… if we die, then of course we won't come back. What difference does it make to you?
Mike: Hmm, you will bring… evidence… That must be…
Mike: thing…
Mike: A thing I give you.
Mike: Hmm.
Mike: It's something I must ponder on. Hold on one second, I gotta type something to Connor, just give me one second.
David S. Kong: Is there a way for me to communicate what I, what, to you.
Tim Sackton: I will… I'm gonna…
Mike: I guess you could just bounce… I guess that's faster, like, why make this difficult, right? He is…
Mike: He is… his topmost thought here is, like, honestly trying to think of something that he could send through.
Mike: That would,
Mike: That if you brought something… either something that you could bring from… from the world, or something that you could,
Mike: something you could send through, and then that you would bring back.
Mike: that would make him believe that the outside world is actually real. Something…
Mike: Something I could not have invented, he says.
Mike: he then… he then vanishes for a minute. He then… he appears.
Mike: Standing by the door, again, like, disappears and appears standing by the door. You would steal from me, you would steal…
Mike: You can see he's, like, like,
Mike: glaring sword sorts of… sort of appears in his hand. You would…
Mike: You would steal by very soul?
Mike: You dare offer such.
Mike: Offense, such terror, such horror, such end this?
Mike: How dare you steal my very essence like this?
Mike: I will see you sent away, back to the depths where you have murdered, to be murdered yourself. He suggest… and then he, in the middle of his word, he vanishes again and appears back on the throne.
Mike: a thing from the outside world that I could not imagine.
Mike: What could that be?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice sighs and begins putting the head of the beast back into his backpack again and shouldering it.
Tim Sackton: You mean something other than a… Lying… bird… human.
David S. Kong: He thinks he invented halflings.
Tim Sackton: I know, but KenQu are more…
Mike: Tenko are more weird.
Tim Sackton: Weird.
Mike: I… He says.
Mike: I remember…
Mike: Moonlight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Moonlight.
Mike: I remember…
Mike: The stars? There are no stars here.
Mike: How do I remember such things?
Tim Sackton: Because you weren't born here.
Kate Sackton: And therefore, you could leave.
Kate Sackton: Safely.
Mike: A task, then.
Mike: But… He… he… he… he vanishes for a minute, and
Mike: Again, appears standing on the far side of the room.
Mike: like, not by the door, but behind the throne, like, in the far corner.
Mike: And he draws this glittering sword again, and, like, glittering sword of ice, and, like, stabs it into the floor, and he just screams, you will not.
Mike: And then he disappears again.
Mike: And it appears back on the throne.
Mike: take… And you sort of…
Mike: Take… he… he,
Mike: Takes a… takes a, like, a… a piece of, like, he's wearing a lot of, like, this, like, there's, like, these icy, like.
Mike: ropes, like, around his neck. He takes, like, a… basically a necklace.
Mike: And… and tosses it to you.
Mike: he tosses it towards one of, like, whoever is standing, like, Finnit, I guess. Take this.
Mike: and… Bring it to the knight on the other side.
Mike: And return it to me.
Mike: that will…
Mike: But you must.
Mike: You must promise.
Mike: The bargain is thus.
Mike: You've returned this to me, having shown it to the knight.
Mike: And… if you do not, my…
Mike: what does he say? You must return it to me, I will let you go.
Mike: I will let… I will let you go.
Mike: And you will take this, and you will show it to the knight, and you will return it to me.
Mike: If you do not, I will… I will curse you.
Mike: as…
Mike: I don't know, he probably says something more eloquent, I didn't prepare what he would say, but I will curse you as my people do. You will not know, you know, the cold will follow you everywhere you go.
Mike: And the ice will haunt you. And, he sort of looks… he glances over to where the sword is now stuck in the ice. The…
Mike: That's, that… glittering… He sort of glances and says, my vengeance shall follow you.
Mike: Will you accept this? Can you return with this?
Tim Sackton: I have no idea.
Tim Sackton: We came through once, but we had to fight your beast.
Tim Sackton: I believe we can return.
Tim Sackton: But what if your beast kills us?
Mike: Then my beast will bring you my possession.
Mike: will bring me my possession, it is not my problem.
Tim Sackton: It's kind of your problem.
Mike: the… he disappears and appears next to Finney and says, I will enjoy it.
Mike: In his, in his, like, other sort of gravelly, different voice. It will be delicious!
Mike: When you are eating.
Mike: All should have been eaten. All of you. Fresh souls for the cycle. Yes, yes.
Mike: It will be delicious. He disappears and appears back on the throne again.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry.
Tim Sackton: You seem to be confused about the nature of bargains.
Tim Sackton: What exactly are we getting out of this?
Mike: you may leave.
Mike: Is that not what you want?
Tim Sackton: That wasn't what we discussed.
Mike: He looks confused for a minute.
Tim Sackton: We're trying to solve this interplanar dilemma, not flee this realm.
Tim Sackton: You seem uninterested in preventing the collapse of your Round to some…
Tim Sackton: Unknown planar forces that have already ripped a hole in it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's fine, I guess, if you care so little about the nature… about the existence of your domain.
Tim Sackton: But you are asking us to make a bargain to… Prove the outside is real?
Tim Sackton: And come back, and for what?
Tim Sackton: I think you're aged.
Mike: By aid in solving this problem.
Tim Sackton: So, if we bring back proof the outside is real to you, You will also commit… to a bargain.
Tim Sackton: Yes?
Mike: Where do you at?
Tim Sackton: I want Nick, a one-sided deal. You will commit to… Helping…
Tim Sackton: allowing us and your people, To solve this problem as they wish.
Tim Sackton: Without interference from you, and with as much aid as you can provide.
Mike: allowing…
Mike: I cannot allow my… People to needlessly risk themselves.
Mike: Although I suppose if the outside is… truly safe.
Mike: he's sort of thinking. I mean, his thought…
Mike: as you are reading his thoughts… oh, actually, you were reading his thoughts… sorry, let me jump back a sec. You were reading his thoughts when he jumped, also. It was just, like, it was…
Mike: Clearly, I mean, your sense was similar, but it was, like, a…
Mike: I mean, it was just really confused, swirling thoughts.
Mike: primarily, sort of this… but… but a panic about…
Mike: The foremost thought you detected when he was, like, when he jumped and was… was threatening
Mike: fit in was the saying, you'll be delicious, was basically panic at At no longer existing.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Mike: Like, but, like, but, like, in the sense of, like, being… Doc?
Mike: cured is the wrong word, but, like, panic that, like, there's this just this overriding sense of panic. I guess you don't really know what. Like, just this sense of panic and this sense of fear, like, what is happening to me? This doesn't make it… this is, like, terrible.
Mike: like, I'm losing… like, this sense of, like, no… like, the thoughts were totally jumbled, right? Like, the sense of lack of control and, like,
Mike: So, okay, so… And… and a sense of… of, like, growing anger, too.
David S. Kong: Anger, generally, or anger at us?
Mike: Anger… anger at… discussions.
Mike: and talking.
Mike: he says, I would not… wish…
Mike: He sort of pauses for a minute.
Mike: I would not wish to… He says again, impede… those who…
Mike: There is much danger. It is not…
Mike: But if you can prove, if you… if you bring news of safety, elsewhere.
Mike: I would not wish to impede those who
Mike: I would not wish to impede those who to… wish… To take advantage of it.
Mike: it is,
Mike: So, yes, I can… I could accept that bargain.
Mike: proof of… the real… If you return, when you return with proof that the outside world is real.
Mike: I could… Help you.
Mike: to close this… These cracks and… and…
Mike: as you see fit, with what aid I can give.
Mike: It has been a… endless…
Mike: Yes.
Mike: He stops for a minute, I will, if you accept, towel…
Mike: He sort of closed his eyes for a minute.
Mike: towel… my guardian, To let you pass.
Tim Sackton: I'll just, like, telepathically bounce to everybody, what do you think?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, let's get going. Do it. Good deal.
Mike: he… he, as… as you're telepathically bouncing, although I guess that doesn't take very long,
Mike: He disappears from the throne, and it appears,
Mike: By the door, and, like, sort of…
Mike: Stan, like, he, he, he, he sort of throws out his arms, and like,
Mike: Like, wide, and the sword comes flying to him. Insects like you.
Mike: You shall not… no, no, no, he says to him, he says, he turns and says, no, no, they are not. They are not here. And then he turns his head like this and says, yes, they are. They are destroying us. They will. No, they are not here, he says. Like, that goes back and forth a couple of times.
Kate Sackton: He not here while he's having that argument?
Mike: Well, he's standing in front of the door, although you could just try and walk past him.
Kate Sackton: True.
Mike: you start… Wait, so…
Kate Sackton: Walking towards the door?
Mike: He sort of turns to… he turns again and says, the outside.
Mike: Do not.
Mike: Do not, he says. The night is not real. The night, I create the night. It haunts us. It is not real.
Mike: This is not… it will not, and he shouts, he sort of turns to himself again, and, like.
Mike: again, having this argument. As you're coming closer, it's getting louder.
Mike: And he appears back… all of a sudden, he appears back on the throne.
Mike: And he says, You best hurry.
Mike: very distinctly.
Kate Sackton: So we hurry.
Kate Sackton: Because we're already headed in the right direction.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we go.
Kate Sackton: Nice of him to get himself back over to the throne and out of our way, so we can leave.
Mike: Just a bridge.
Tim Sackton: there.
Mike: Yeah, it's still there, it's narrow.
Tim Sackton: walk across.
Tim Sackton: What's the giant ice wolf doing?
Mike: It's… standing there.
Tim Sackton: I'll walk up to it.
Mike: Doesn't do anything.
Tim Sackton: I'll, like, walk around one of its legs in a circle.
Tim Sackton: I'll walk up to the gash.
Mike: Doesn't do anything.
Tim Sackton: Should we?
Kate Sackton: Yes?
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: Can we send a quick message via any villager we can grab that we'll be back?
Kate Sackton: And now isn't the time to, like, try to rush the portal.
Kate Sackton: Or maybe it is, I don't know, what do we think? I think it might drive the little god guy a little nuts.
Kate Sackton: This is… I think it's already…
Tim Sackton: Deeply nuts.
Kate Sackton: Well, yes, but…
Mike: Are you telling anybody to rush, or are you just going through?
Kate Sackton: I mean, what do we think?
Mike: Something else.
Kate Sackton: What?
Mike: Or it's something else.
Kate Sackton: do we want them to stay here, or do we want them… because we did make this bargain that they could leave with us if we figure this out. Do we want them to be patient, or do we just not care, and we don't worry if there's a miscommunication and they rush to the door and things get complicated?
Kate Sackton: Maybe it would be for the best if things got complicated.
Kate Sackton: Are you disagreeing with the idea that we should tell them to be patient, or are you agreeing with the idea that we should tell them to be patient?
Tim Sackton: Well, Finnen still doesn't want to… I mean…
Tim Sackton: if I don't see one of the… the one person or Kalima, I know, I don't…
Tim Sackton: they're in their secret… I mean, if they're on their secret hideout, I don't want to reveal the existence of their secret hideout in case something goes wrong.
Kate Sackton: No, I'm just meaning, like, grab any villager we see and say, We're coming back.
Kate Sackton: I don't care if you care, but just let it be known that we're coming back.
Kate Sackton: It doesn't have to be a member of the secret organization. Maybe we'll get lucky, and they will be a member of the secret organization. Who knows how it is.
Tim Sackton: Benin would not think to do that, but if Drain wants to…
Tim Sackton: tap Finn Inner Justice on the shoulder and say, can you please tell them.
Mike: Drain also, you could… you know enough olds and COVID, you could just say it.
Kate Sackton: I do now? Okay, great.
Mike: now, yeah.
Mike: You've picked up enough words to say, we'll be back.
Kate Sackton: Alright, I'll use my three old Zim Coven words for the day.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: We lost Kong for the, like, cool last scene, but…
Mike: Well, next cliffhanger, well, next scene. But, we'll just go ahead. So you run through?
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: walkthrough.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Carefully.
Mike: Who's going first?
Eric Rosenbaum: B.
Mike: Yelled.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, obviously.
Kate Sackton: For the dog. Okay.
Mike: You step through this.
Tim Sackton: this. Oh, wait, before we step through,
Tim Sackton: Justice, did you have a rope in your pack?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, sure do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tie ourselves together, maybe?
Tim Sackton: Tie one end of the rope to this side of the portal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, fair enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, in case we step out in midair.
Mike: What are you tying it to on this side of the portal?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The leg of the wolf.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, how big can the leg of the wolf be?
Mike: But…
Tim Sackton: It's a 40-foot wolf, it's probably…
Tim Sackton: 2 feet, 3 feet. 8 feet, 2 feet around, tied around the leg of the wall.
Mike: You could tie it around the leg of a wolf.
Kate Sackton: It's a great plan. I love this plan.
Mike: Okay, you tie a rope around the leg of the wolf, and then what?
Mike: YOLO jumps through.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Well, Yolo doesn't go through slowly, does he?
Mike: Eric, what's y'all doing?
Mike: If you're looking out at what looks like, basically, the… it looks like you're looking out into the chasm. You don't see a plateau, it looks like if you jumped, you'd just be in the chasm.
Tim Sackton: That's fine, we've got to work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where, where I'm going… Don't need ropes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I jump with the full intention of sort of doing a little bit of a loop back, so I can…
Mike: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look back in.
Mike: So you, like, you just, like, spread your wings and through the gate. Perfect. Okay. Yep.
Mike: Yellow vanishes.
Mike: Who's doing something next?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll tie the other end of the rope around my own waist, and then I will walk through.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm… I'm following just… closely behind Justice with a similar…
Kate Sackton: Okay. Like, hold each other…
Tim Sackton: Great. So…
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I try to hold on to the members of my party and the rope that they're using.
Mike: But you're also going through? Yep. Like, the three of you just go through 1, 2, 3. What is Echo doing?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I go through as well.
Mike: you're just jumping through. I mean, so… so, these guys, you can't fly tied a rope to the leg of the ice wolf, and
Mike: YOLO just jumped through. So, YOLO, so… You all come free.
David S. Kong: fly through.
Mike: You fight her.
Mike: You are… you come out,
Mike: into the chasm. You're… wow. Into a chasm. It's obviously a chasm. It…
Mike: So you're on a cliff face, so, like, the folks with the rope, who don't know how to fly.
Kate Sackton: Like…
Mike: Holding onto the rope, and there's, you know, looking down.
Mike: There's a long way down, right?
Mike: What you see as you come out, you're… the chasm itself is, like.
Mike: wide, right? Like, it's dozens of miles across. And so, you can't… you can't really see the other side very well.
Mike: there's a certain amount of haze in the air, and some mists in the air that… but nothing like you were there before, right? It's like,
Mike: it's… you can see the sky, right? It's… Night.
Mike: Hold on, no, it's mid… it's like mid-afternoon.
Mike: or early afternoon, right? Like, you can see a dim sun up in the sky,
Mike: The chasm itself?
Mike: you're in a section where, like, this side of the cliff is just sheer wall, right? Like, there's nothing… there's no… very little wedges, very little anything here, it's just, like, wall, right? But floating in front of you, maybe about…
Mike: 30 feet from the edge of the… or 15 feet from the edge, there's, like, a rock that's just floating in the air, right? It's maybe about…
Mike: it's 20 feet square, and it has, like, a carving.
Mike: on it, right? Like, there's, like, a… there's, like, a,
Mike: not, like, it has, like, these channels carved into it, right? Like, in a weird geometric pattern that you can see from above. And then, you can see further below, like, maybe…
Mike: a thousand feet down, or something like that. There's another…
Mike: odd rock carved with a geometric pattern. Like, this is… this is… But…
Mike: more… much larger and more complex pattern. And you can see these streams of light
Mike: like, running along this pattern, like, these streams of… of, like, color-changing light, kind of running along the cycles of this pattern, and… but they're… they're… they keep, like… you can see they're… they look almost… I mean, it's a thousand feet down, so you can't see it very well, but they look sort of weirdly jagged, like… like…
Mike: they're running in, like, a circular motion, for example, and there's, like, a crack, and, like, it's sort of the… the light… this pattern of white, like, flicks out or jump, there's, like, looks like sparks jumping or something like that.
Mike: And you can see a certain disturbance, like.
Mike: at the center, there's some type of activity. There's, like, maybe a figure, a person, you can't quite tell. And there's a few other of these floating rocks. There's, like, one floating rock with, like, a… with, like, a little…
Mike: tower built on it. Like, imagine, like, the vibe you should be imagining is, like, Zelda… the second Legend of Zelda Sky World, right? Like, these platforms that are just floating in the air, with these, like, complex…
Mike: Geometric shapes on them, right?
Mike: And behind you, you can see a crack.
Mike: Right? It's still there, the crack you came through is still there. But you don't see the other five. It's not like there's four, there's only the one. But you… after, like, a few seconds, you see, like, just slashing through the air.
Mike: Like, it appears and then disappears, like,
Mike: A gash opens in the sky.
Mike: Right? And, like, lightning comes out of it, and then it disappears.
Mike: So what do you do?
Tim Sackton: I'll yell at… YOLO, can you push those rocks over to us? Do they move?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, good idea. I'd give it a try.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, this one, it's hard work, pushing it. It's clearly not, like…
Mike: It's not, like, fully zero gravity, right? So, a bigger rock you wouldn't be able to move, but this one you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: What… where are the channels on the top of it?
Mike: So it's just… this just has… it has, like, as you get closer to it, I mean, it's only 30 feet away, you can see it pretty well. It's maybe…
Mike: 18 feet by… it's about 20 feet by 20 feet. It's square-ish, it's not, like, perfectly square, but it's not… it's not a natural boulder, right? Like, it's a… it's some sort of piece of…
Mike: it looks very like a piece of something. And there's just a geometric pattern carved on it, just maybe
Mike: 4 inches, 5 inches deep.
Mike: nothing's flowing through it. The one a thousand feet below has light. It's 10 times bigger, and has light moving through the… the patterns, right? So there's, like, this… this multicolored light kind of moving along the pattern. And there's a distur… there's an area where it's, like, sparking, and you can see a disturbance.
Mike: That's a thousand people. This one is silent, right? Nothing's happening. There's just…
Eric Rosenbaum: So…
Mike: Things, like, it's sort of rectilinear geometric pattern carved into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I shove it over to the…
Mike: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: That crack area.
Mike: it moves…
Mike: down and up much more difficultly than left. Like, it wants to stay in its plane. You probably could push it down, but it's much harder than pushing it.
Mike: horizontally.
Mike: So, you're all on the rock now.
Mike: What do you do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Why don't I check out that other one down there? That looks interesting.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, don't get too close.
Tim Sackton: By yourself, but I don't really see how the rest of us are gonna get down there.
Kate Sackton: Well, Erica could come with me. Perfect place to relax and wait for the night to fall so that we could expose this amulet to starlight.
Mike: I mean.
Kate Sackton: Go back through the crack.
Mike: you… you probably, if YOLO and Echo
Mike: Work together, you could probably push this rock down.
Mike: It does move up and down, it's more.
Tim Sackton: But then we'd have to push it up again.
Mike: To get through.
Tim Sackton: Kind of like Drain's plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just hang out.
Tim Sackton: Like, it's mid-afternoon, Just wait 6 hours.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you want to do a little flyby of the rock down there.
Kate Sackton: Have it. Feel free to… Relax.
Tim Sackton: Investigate. But be careful, don't get in trouble that we can't save you from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you know, there's only a certain number of times that You live.
Tim Sackton: Which is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Say one.
Mike: Is anybody gonna fly down to be… Sparky Rock.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait a minute. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let's be a little bit more careful. I'll cast Clairvoyance.
Mike: Okay?
Mike: UC, so…
Tim Sackton: Just targeting, like, 10 feet above the ground, above the sparky rock.
Mike: So it's… I mean, the rock is… is… sizable, right? So it's…
Tim Sackton: Like, where the disturbance is. Okay.
Mike: Disturbance is a person, Who is… lying…
Mike: Like, sitting on the ground, like, in a… you're the only one who can see through clairvoyance, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but I'll narrate what I say.
Tim Sackton: There's a… there's a person, maybe.
Mike: Human, right, with, long black hair and, like, green eyes and, you know, hazel green eyes and, and,
Mike: wearing what, at this point, like, what used to be… seemed to be,
Mike: you know, nice robes, but they look tattered at this point. And they're… they're sitting, like.
Mike: Cross-legged, like, where you can see there's, like, a blackened area, of the… of the,
Mike: of the, stone. And this person is, like, sitting, and, like, their arm… their arms are, like.
Mike: Holding on to two pieces of the light.
Mike: like, to two sections where the light is flowing, and you can actually see, like, these… the light is, like, moving, right? Like, it's not stable, they're, like, holding two sections, and, like.
Mike: every once in a while, like, it'll flow through their body, and, like, it'll spark. And, like, you can see them, like, grimacing, and, like.
Mike: Bearing down their teeth, like, when the light flows through them, like… like…
Mike: And you notice when that happens, like, you see the white flow through the person, and at the same moment, like, you see in the distance a…
Mike: a sheet of iron, maybe, 100 feet wide, just appear in the sky and start falling.
Mike: And then, like, you actually see, like, like, the person, like, is, is, is, like.
Mike: Tightens the grip, almost, on the white.
Mike: And, like, is, like, holding on to something. Looks like they're holding on to something.
Eric Rosenbaum: the… Piece of iron falling towards them?
Mike: It's, like, far away.
Mike: It, like, a crack opened in the sky in this weird metal. You don't know if it's iron, really, it's just black metal.
Mike: started falling.
Mike: And then the crack vanished.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it gonna hit the platform, or just…
Mike: It's gonna fall forever, as far as you can tell. As far as you know, there's no bottom in the chasm, so it'll just keep going. It doesn't… it's not near the… it's not near the platform.
Tim Sackton: This is… and I describe this person in detail, this is not anybody, anybody.
Mike: No, no, no, Echo and Drain recognize him as, Ecardos, whatever your mentor's name is.
David S. Kong: Whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
David S. Kong: Kez… Kezo, ECHO, Echo,
David S. Kong: Reacts, and, like, what's their… what's their vibe?
Mike: Their vibe is…
Mike: I mean, they're like… it looks like every time the light passes through their body, they're, like, in a lot of pain and struggling with something, but they seem to be intentional that they're here.
Kate Sackton: We found the characters holding the world together again.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Jesus. Echo… Echo, we'll… will… Does, does he see Echo?
Mike: He doesn't… he's… he's sitting cross-legged, like…
Mike: he's a thousand feet below you, right? This is all through clairvoyance. And he's sitting, like, cross-legged, like.
Mike: in this, like, pose of, like, deep meditation, right? Like, his…
David S. Kong: Yeah. Easy.
Mike: He opens his eyes occasionally, but it's not like he's looking up and looking around, right?
David S. Kong: Right.
Mike: He seems intensely focused on something.
David S. Kong: Yeah, saving the world.
Tim Sackton: as I describe, as I give this description and I see Echo, like, react.
Tim Sackton: I'll just say, hey, you know, fly down, see what if he needs help.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do that. Echo, Echo will, we'll rush, rush, rush over.
Mike: Okay, I mean, when you… so you go… let's see, it's,
Mike: I… we'll do the scene with him, but then let's stop, because it's almost midnight.
David S. Kong: bear.
Mike: he, You land near him.
Mike: And he sort of… he looks up at you, in, like… Joy.
Mike: Right? Like…
Mike: Echo.
Mike: How did you come to… be here.
David S. Kong: It's a long story.
Mike: The… the chasm provides.
David S. Kong: Indeed it does. How are you, Master? Are you… are you…
David S. Kong: are you okay? Can… can I… I'm here with companions, how can… how can I… how can we help?
Mike: this… He sort of looks down at the… At this,
Mike: This structure that he's standing on.
Mike: this magic… It's broken.
Mike: that… the… the planner… energy of the chasm is…
Mike: and he, like, stops for a minute as, like, this light flows through him again, and you, like, you see, like, he's, he, like, grimaces in pain and, like, takes a minute and, like, focuses in some way, right? And, like…
Mike: the… this… this, like, energy flows through him, but it's, like, it's not… he's, like, not a perfect circuit, right? And, like, sparks fly, right? And you see, at the same time this is happening, like, as it's trying to… as it's going through him, you see, like,
Mike: Another, like, gate open flash. Like, some brief flash in the distance of, like, a bolt of lightning going up.
Mike: it's… that… this… this,
Mike: This… this place, it's… it's one of the…
Mike: The things that keeps the chasm from collapsing into chaos.
Mike: It's… it's broken.
Mike: I… I am doing what I can to…
Mike: Keep it from getting worse, but… If you could…
Mike: If you could find any sort of… there's, like.
Mike: all these stone, it's like a complex structure, right, that's built here. B.
Mike: we… the story, he says, the story… I will tell you how I came to be here.
Mike: the… we… Several of us were investigating this, this, the dangers.
Mike: And we came to this place.
Mike: And we… we found upon it, the… Remains of a battle.
Mike: a… We found, and he, he describes that they, that they found, some, some stoneborne and orcs.
Mike: Had fought here.
Mike: And there was, like, Several dead, like, they discovered, like, several dead bodies and, like,
Mike: the… the… the… A small encampment, he says, of the surviving orcs.
Mike: they… they took…
Mike: they, they, they took in, in, in anger, and, you know, they, they killed, Parenko, and… and…
Mike: Flared with, with one of the, you know, with a piece.
Mike: Of this, of this,
Mike: of this mechanism, and I could not chase them, for I was holding it together. So, so, I mean, basically, I… I'm tired, I'm not scared. But they… they surprised the survivors of a battle, right?
Mike: And… who fled.
Mike: Right? A group of orcs who basically fled that, like.
Mike: in Hill Point, there's, like, beneath this, there's, like, a complex
Mike: that you can almost jump down, right? Like, from here to underneath a smaller section. Again, like, think of Zelda like Skyland, right? Like, there's a… there's another platform, maybe 10 feet below, and it leads into a more complex… like, he points down, they fled down that way.
Mike: When we… when we surprise them. If you could… and I could not…
Mike: I cannot give chase for… I, it is…
Mike: And again, I am doing what I can to prevent it from getting worse.
Mike: But we cannot repair it without retrieving the peace.
Mike: If you have companions who can chase them.
Mike: I can only hold this together for so long.
David S. Kong: Okay, what else can you tell us about how to get this piece?
Mike: I mean, there's basically a group of orcs who… he…
Mike: doesn't know much about them. They surprised a group of… They surprised a… A group of orcs.
Mike: who were basically camped out and kind of smashing this mechanism up for fun, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: The… the orcs had… had… he has no idea how the orcs got here.
Mike: Right? There were orc raids in the summer, maybe they've been here since then, right?
Mike: and when him and the Kenku came, they surprised them, they fought, they killed the Kenku.
Mike: Warrior guy.
David S. Kong: the two of them killed a bunch of orcs, you can see there's some dead bodies around, but they also…
Mike: the Penku warrior died in the battle, right?
Mike: the orcs fled with a… with a… with a piece. You could describe a piece as, like, a large stone block, basically. You can see there's, like, a piece… a place where the… where the…
Mike: where the stone is broken, right? There's a large stone, and you're like, this stone that's carved here is all, like.
Mike: different… I mean, it's like, it's not just, like, granite, like, there's different pieces of stone, it's like this complex stone mechanism, right? Yeah, yeah. And he says, if we could… if we could find this piece that goes here.
Mike: Right? You could probably repair.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, they… they can't fly.
Mike: So they must be sort of pointing down, there's, like, again, like, a platform beneath that then opens up. There's, like, a series of… of other platforms beneath that you could navigate, right? They must be down there.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Go find them.
David S. Kong: Okay, I can go, we'll do our best. Please hold on.
David S. Kong: Echo will, will fly back to the companions and tell them about the conversation.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the main quest, right?
David S. Kong: I think this is a banquest now.
Mike: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Brennan…
Mike: There's two main ques… I mean, yes.
Tim Sackton: And then we'll… well, finan is concerned that once the mechanism is repaired, The portals will close.
Tim Sackton: is…
Tim Sackton: How desperate did he seem?
David S. Kong: How long did he say he could hold on?
Mike: I mean…
Mike: A bit longer, like, maybe days.
Mike: But not weeks.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, days, not weeks.
Kate Sackton: I mean, that should be enough.
Tim Sackton: We have no idea what day it is. We don't have any idea how long we were in the…
Tim Sackton: in the.
Mike: I mean, you could ask… you could ask, you could ask.
Tim Sackton: I mean, does he know what day it is? Maybe.
Mike: Yeah, he's… the sun sets and rises here, he's been counting sunrises, yeah, he knows…
Tim Sackton: Alright.
Mike: He knows how many days he's been here. He can tell you that he…
Mike: He can tell you… hold on, let me look at my notes. He can tell you that…
Mike: he can tell you that… it was… 13 days since…
Mike: I mean, he knows that he was, like, that Drain's bird was following them around, right? He can tell you that it was 13 days since Drain's bird died.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, unfortunately, I have to… I have to leave it there and go attend to kids' stuff. Not… not that this has to stop, but… we'll see you next time.
Mike: Yes. Yep. See you next time.
Mike: 13 days ago, that was,
Mike: So, that was, as far as you know, 9 days ago.
Mike: Your bird died 9 days before you went into the labyrinth.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so we lost 4 days.
Mike: Wow, you spend.
Tim Sackton: Well, over the…
Kate Sackton: I've spent 4 days of this universe's time
Kate Sackton: Doing all the stuff that we've done so far.
Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, so… So…
Kate Sackton: Bennett is gonna propose that we…
Tim Sackton: That we wait for nightfall.
Tim Sackton: As soon as the stars come out, we take out the necklace.
Tim Sackton: go back through.
Tim Sackton: Spend as little as time in the other…
Tim Sackton: Well, then we have to fight orcs at night, so maybe it's…
Mike: It would help me if you would decide which direction you're going tonight, so that I can figure out the right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm trying to do.
Tim Sackton: Maybe we fight orcs and just tell…
Tim Sackton: Eldrikus not to repair the thing until we've…
Tim Sackton: I mean, we can get the part and not repair the mechanism.
Mike: Yes.
Mike: That is true.
Tim Sackton: That way you can fight orcs in the daylight.
Tim Sackton: But…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's fine.
Kate Sackton: Let's go chase down some orcs.
Kate Sackton: They have our rock.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So you will go chase… you'll go into the dungeon and chase the orcs next time, and whatever other mysterious things live in the dungeon in the depths of the chasm. Well, the sky dungeon in the depths of the chasm.
Kate Sackton: You just wanted to say the phrase, the sky dungeon in the depths of the chasm.
Mike: I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is, it is a good phrase.
Mike: Alright, thanks, everybody.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: See you all in a week!
Tim Sackton: G'day.
Mike: G'day.